Justin Rondeau: Right…
Fidan Alizada: I'm gonna start the song.
Fidan Alizada: Yeah, I guess.
Justin Rondeau: I don't know if we even need, like, we can just kind of, like, let people in. I don't know if it needs to be, like, hype up, because it's gonna be more just like, alright, because, yeah.
Justin Rondeau: We'll go without it for the tunes for this one.
Fidan Alizada: Sure. Can I allow ClickUp note-takers of people or not?
Justin Rondeau: I think that's probably fine, because if they're gonna, like… a lot of them are gonna be wanting to implement. Monica, do you disagree with that?
Justin Rondeau: Oh, you're on mute.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, totally fine. It'll be okay.
Fidan Alizada: Okay, alright.
Fidan Alizada: I'm gonna start accepting one by one, because I'm gonna also double-check with the sheet to make sure nobody spreads the link, or… yeah, okay.
Fidan Alizada: Correct.
Manick Bhan: Or actually, Justin, we're gonna give them the recordings anyways.
Manick Bhan: So, no nudetakers, we'll just post the recordings at the end.
Justin Rondeau: Cool.
Fidan Alizada: Okay, hi, Justine! Hi, Clyton.
Justin Day: Hey, hey, how's it going, guys?
Justin Rondeau: What's up, Chad?
Manick Bhan: Hey, what's going on, Justin?
Justin Day: Excited for this.
Manick Bhan: Me too.
Justin Rondeau: It's been a long time coming.
Justin Day: Yeah, I've seen everything you guys have been doing, but I'm just like, okay, how do I do it, though? And then you guys presented this answer, it's like, well, yeah, let's go.
Justin Day: It's perfect timing.
Manick Bhan: Exactly.
Justin Rondeau: Let everybody get in real quick. Good to see you, Rick, Andrew, Michael.
Michael Vassar: Hey, I…
Justin Rondeau: And then, Fidon, we had everybody… is… I know, Brian's gonna be a couple minutes late, because he's still in his kickoff call to get things, situated there, so he'll… But I also don't want us to, to wait too long for folks.
Justin Rondeau: Are we, like, who else are we waiting on for today? Because I know some folks couldn't make it, and I want to make sure that, we have everybody, at least, that is intending to be here today.
Justin Rondeau: As part of the conversation.
Fidan Alizada: Yes, I believe I am missing Jonathan. I'm gonna message him right now. I must… yeah, check him. Okay, he's here, he just joined.
Justin Rondeau: Okay, here are you?
Justin Rondeau: Alright, awesome.
Justin Rondeau: And then Brian's the last straggler?
Fidan Alizada: Yes.
Justin Rondeau: We know he's with, he is with… Matt Bailey, so…
Justin Rondeau: Everybody should have met already.
Justin Rondeau: Cool. Well, while we're waiting on him, I think we can just kind of welcome and start kicking… oh, you can't hear Clayton? That's odd.
Justin Rondeau: You might want to check your Zoom audio settings?
Justin Rondeau: Yeah, it sounds like it might… yeah, hold on, I'll… I keep talking to him like he can hear me. That's silly.
Justin Rondeau: Okay.
Justin Rondeau: And then, yeah, anybody, I think… we have…
Justin Rondeau: two Andes in here, but yeah, like, make sure you have cameras on. Cameras on are good, because it's nice to see people's faces. This isn't meant to be, like, a session of people just kind of talking at, like, especially early on. It'd be great, too. Awesome! So, I'm gonna kick some things off. Oh, Cav's here. Good to see you, buddy.
Justin Rondeau: Sweet, sweet, sweet. Alright!
Justin Rondeau: Awesome. Well, I'm gonna kick this thing off, and then we're gonna get into, really just get into thick of it. There's a lot of stuff that we have to dig into today. Clearly, like, like, marketing and, like, tech is changing at the speed of light right now. But one, first and foremost, thank you and welcome. Welcome to the Agentic Marketing Mastermind.
Justin Rondeau: We're very, very excited to have everybody here on the call. This has been something that we've really been talking about doing for a really long time, but we were trying to find the right moment for it. We didn't want
Justin Rondeau: another marketing mastermind, or another set of, like, courses that are just put into, like, an LMS, and we say, good luck, everybody. We wanted to really kind of change some things up, because most masterminds, they're generally built around conversations, or…
Justin Rondeau: like, content or anything along those, and that stuff's important, but getting things done is also what's important. So, we don't want to just be a place where people are showing up, talk about what they see working, and to get some advice. We actually want to be in the trenches with you.
Justin Rondeau: building systems. And so the expectation here isn't that you, like, leave with ideas, or, like, that was a cool thing that Monik showed me. The expectation is that you leave with things actually built and running inside of your business. That is the goal, that is what we're here to do, we're here to achieve.
Justin Rondeau: Right? And we're not just here to purely ideate. So, we structured this as a one-year mastermind because building real systems takes iterations. It takes time. You have to get the data in, you have to try some things out, and then you have to make updates to them.
Justin Rondeau: But the reality is, we're gonna get a lot done in the first 90, even really 30 days. And if we do this right, by the end of the first quarter, each of you should have multiple Agentic systems operating inside your marketing. And really, it's within the first couple of weeks, I'd say. I think today is gonna be a real unlock on how fast
Justin Rondeau: you'll see you're gonna be able to move when Monarch starts showing you how to connect these systems, right?
Justin Rondeau: But really, the expectation for this group is super, super simple. Bring real problems, bring real workflows, and together, we're gonna turn those into real systems, right? This isn't a mastermind for people who just want to learn. Again, I'm going to say that one last time. It's for the people who want to build.
Justin Rondeau: So, like, let's get in a little bit more. So, a couple of housekeepings. We have our weekly implementation check-ins. Those will be with Matt Bailey and the other members of the team. I believe, Fenon, those are on Thursdays, correct?
Fidan Alizada: Yes, Thursdays. I already sent everybody invite, you guys should have it on your calendar, please check it. Worst case scenario, if not, just let me know, but you should have it.
Justin Rondeau: Exactly. And so those are meant to help keep your momentum, troubleshoot the work you're doing, and then have access to our team as well, to help you through any issues or help you with some unlocks, right? Between those sessions, and between the larger sessions with Monica, we have our private circle community.
Justin Rondeau: This is where you're gonna share your builds, ask technical questions, ask marketing questions, ask business questions, ask the stuff in there, like, collaborate with your other Mastermind members, as well as the team that you've unlocked, and we have some other folks and experts that will get in there as well to support you over the next 12 months.
Justin Rondeau: Right? We also have our monthly deep dives with Monik, so these are the ones that are going to be more themed and focusing on specific topics around agentic marketing and building agents, right? These are going to be the areas where we really, really go deep and are going to really theme
Justin Rondeau: the upcoming, like, weekly sessions for helping you get unlocks between those monthly sessions, right? And then we do have our first in-person event, and we'll be announcing the date and location really, really soon. Keep an eye out on that, because it'll be awesome for us to all
Justin Rondeau: kind of get together in person and build together. Okay? So, with that,
Justin Rondeau: just some quick introductions, across, like, across the realm. I want everybody to get to know each other. I think when we have these types of virtual sessions, like me, Monik, Arman, we, like, just talk at people, and you kind of know who we are, but this is meant to be, like, a group that we're all working together to, you know, get to a higher level in the marketing realm.
Justin Rondeau: I'm gonna go… I'm gonna call on each person, if you could just share 3 things. Try to keep it short. I know we're marketers in here, we like to talk about ourselves, but let's keep it a little, little tight of who you are, the business you're applying, Agentic Marketing to and why, and then one system you want AI agents running inside your business this year. I'm gonna drop those 3 prompts in the chat, and I'm gonna kick it off with how I see people in here.
Justin Rondeau: And Justin Day, you were here first and on time, and have the best name in the group here.
Justin Day: So…
Justin Rondeau: I'm gonna go with you first.
Justin Day: Good deal. Well, thanks so much for the intro, Justin. Fellow Austinite. My name is Justin Day. I am the founder of Swarm System. I serve local service businesses like HVAC and plumbers.
Justin Day: to get them more leads and ultimately rank at the top of Google, but more so rank on the top of AI search, right? That's where homeowners are searching now. So, we are heavily…
Justin Day: niche down in that market, and my plan for this is really… I've been leveraging
Justin Day: Search Atlas for quite some time now, and have a whole system around it. I have it all planned out, I know exactly what I'm gonna do here, is just connect all the dots with the agentic part of this, and streamline my entire fulfillment, so that's what I'm excited to get to.
Justin Rondeau: Love it, man. Love it.
Justin Rondeau: Alright, Andy's out.
Manick Bhan: some fun.
Andy Zelt: Andy Zelt, located in, Indianapolis, Indiana. I am a brand, Axiom Human Resource Solutions, so we are a, payroll, timekeeping, HR.
Andy Zelt: Bureau, not a… not an agency.
Andy Zelt: My number one… I've been using Search Atlas since October. I've seen the results, I want to put those results on steroids, basically. And more importantly, automate it, right? So I got a lot of AI working, but a lot of it is kind of, piece-milled.
Andy Zelt: together, right now. So, that's kind of my main takeaway, and…
Andy Zelt: using OpenClaw or whatever else that I've already got set up to make those things happen safely.
Justin Rondeau: Cool, awesome, man. Thanks for that. Glad to hear it. Michael Vassar.
Michael Vassar: Hey everybody, I'm, in Charleston, South Carolina.
Michael Vassar: I have just begun to use, Search Alice, like.
Michael Vassar: actually heard about it last year, shortly after I bought a…
Michael Vassar: SEO PPC agency that's predominantly focused on, legal marketing.
Michael Vassar: And now I kind of feel like I've gotten a year of learning the business under me, and feel like I can actually, start building systems around this, and also have some hungry team members that would like to experiment with the software, so…
Michael Vassar: I think a couple things I'd like to build are, like,
Michael Vassar: A system for analyzing and… and then just building,
Michael Vassar: workflows with the goal of getting, all of our legal clients in the top three of the map pack, and then also one that is focused on, like, getting into relevant AI overview responses.
Justin Rondeau: Love it.
Justin Rondeau: Love it, love it. Alright, Rick Jan… Rick Jansen!
Justin Rondeau: Ask to unmute, maybe?
Fidan Alizada: No, everybody can unmute themselves.
Justin Rondeau: He should be good. Oh, he's probably… he's figuring it out.
Justin Rondeau: Alright, I'll skip you, Rick, I'll come back. Jonathan. Geiner.
Jonathan Giner: Thanks, Justin. Man, you said that right.
Justin Rondeau: I did, I got it, I was like, I hope… I was really confident on that one, too, and I was like, if I'm confidently incorrect, I'm gonna be a little sad.
Jonathan Giner: You got it right, man. Yeah, Jonathan Geiner out of Miami. I have a marketing agency, MarSense, been around for about 10 years. I've been in the digital marketing space for about 20 years, mainly everything around lead gen.
Jonathan Giner: What we've traditionally done is PPC management and, and meta ads management as well. So, kind of new.
Jonathan Giner: to, to really SEO and AEO, so I'm, really excited to kind of learn from everybody, and, hopefully using these agents to just kind of continue to scale what we do, which is generate leads, you know, and now maybe even being able to nurture those leads and,
Jonathan Giner: And even be able to provide those leads at even…
Jonathan Giner: a little bit closer to close, so, just help, just really help everything we do, just with, with AI and ejecting marketing. So, really excited, just kind of coming in here with an open mind, but, excited to learn and, and be a part of the group.
Justin Rondeau: Dude, love it, man. You started, you started down the PPC side, which is, like, I love that side of things, so glad to see another, like, OG PPC person in here as well, loving it, dude.
Justin Rondeau: See, you're off mute now, you're here.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Yeah, my laptop hates Zoom, and so it's just…
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: 30-second delay every time I try to click a button. Rick Jansen, I've been in real estate as a realtor since 2002. I've been coaching agents how to leverage AI for the past two and a half years.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Got into the SEO business with you guys in December. We've already started lining up a really good stable of real estate clients. Agentic AI, we are wanting to scale and ramp this up, so Agentic AI will help us fulfill that scale.
Justin Rondeau: Great. Love it. Coach, Cav!
Justin Rondeau: You up, dude?
Kav: Everyone can call me Coach, because my first name's too sexy, apparently, for this group. Justin Cavanaugh. So for the fellow Justins, I appreciate that. I'm an Olympic coach by trade, so I've coached at the Olympic level for 6 Olympic cycles, won 47 world championships, so I have a lot of pride there, but I've taken my strategies in sports and partly been into business, built a 100-plus person company, with over a thousand websites that we've served in some small business
Kav: I met Monic and the team at Search Atlas, almost 2 years ago today here in Vegas, when I spoke at TNC.
Kav: And, we moved a 107-person team last,
Kav: a little over a year ago now to about 47, to those people now are the massive career earners in their company, in their families' lives, because we've been able to streamline operations. But we've been able to take, you know, almost 800-plus sites and leverage both Auto and Search Atlas to streamline the organic side of search. We've then moved into, paid, now with the new.
Kav: paid side of things. My goal on the system side is that I see the future on the build aspect of Search Atlas' platform, and that will streamline, like, our entire operation. I don't plan to lower headcount, but I do
Kav: plan to actually increase offerings, because we now are able to take all of our building processes and now have it into a single system, versus have it pieced together, which is what we had for the last 11 years.
Justin Rondeau: Yeah, dude, I love…
Manick Bhan: I love that.
Justin Rondeau: I mean, and Justin's are taking over the world in here, we got 3? This is fantastic. It's the most…
Kav: Let's go.
Justin Rondeau: the popular name in the group, it's always Jason and Mike. Alright, Jay Cornelius, let's hear a little bit about you, man.
Jay Cornelius: Sorry, can you hear me?
Justin Rondeau: You're good.
Jay Cornelius: All good, yeah, I'm with Modern. We are an agency specializing in home services, wellness, and various other verticals.
Jay Cornelius: And with Clayton, he's on the group here as well.
Jay Cornelius: And I think primarily we're coming in to learn
Jay Cornelius: from the master is about the agentic approach. I think, like Justin said, it's not about dropping the headcount, it's about streamlining and being effective, you know? So that's where… keen to see how it's been done, and learn from the best.
Justin Rondeau: Love it.
Justin Rondeau: Alright, and Clayton, you want to, add on into that? I know you guys are kind of in here together, but, you probably have your own… your own goals you want to get out of this here?
Clayton Joyner: Yeah, Clayton Joyner, founder of Modern I.O. This is actually my third agency. I was fortunate enough to be a part of a couple
Clayton Joyner: team members that we took the last agency to Inc. 5000, and I'm crazy enough to try and do it again. So we… we, like you said, medical and home services are the two primary verticals we serve. We're trying to be, omni-channel.
Clayton Joyner: And we want to try and…
Clayton Joyner: develop an agentic flywheel, so to speak, so that we can leverage all that billions of data points that was referenced by MANIC, and develop specialized agents in each vertical, then put the guardrails in place, leverage RAG, and
Clayton Joyner: hopefully try to have, an injection of results so that it can learn from itself and just improve, and like he says, not to drop headcount, but to be more effective at scale with less people, so that we can be more profitable and deliver a better result long-term for the client. So that's our…
Clayton Joyner: It's my passion, is to, try to serve our clients in the best way possible, and if you're not on the AI train, I think you're gonna be left at the station, so that's my thoughts.
Justin Rondeau: They're already at the station, just hanging by themselves at the station.
Justin Rondeau: You're absolutely right. Cool, Todd, you want to round us out?
todd: Sure, I work… I work with Rick at 10X Search. I come from a background of…
todd: voice and texting AI systems, so we built, probably 30 or 40 systems for companies, and then…
todd: I'd known Rick for probably about 4 or 5 years now, and he showed me this, and I switched… I switched teams to the Agentic AI Search, and we're really looking forward to doing more fun stuff that I've been playing around quite a bit with
todd: with the MCP server, and we've been doing all kinds of fun stuff, but I can't wait to see what else I can do with it, so…
Justin Rondeau: Awesome, no, I love that, man. Also some, Jay… oh, no, you're on my, you're on my board still, you're just, your, your picture looks different in there. Anybody else I missed that isn't showing up? Got Michael…
Justin Rondeau: Got Rick. Cool, alright, and I know, and Fenon, can you check with Matt Bailey where him and Brian are at?
Fidan Alizada: Yes, I did.
Justin Rondeau: too much.
Fidan Alizada: Yeah, I did, they said they are finishing up, I'm gonna hit them again.
Justin Rondeau: Okay, cool. Give him one more shot there, while we kind of round some things out, and before we dive in, and I hand it over to, you know, the mad scientist himself. But no, it's really interesting. Everybody in here, I think…
Justin Rondeau: from what I can see here, from what everybody's breaking down, is they're looking to either streamline, so they're trying to increase productivity, not necessarily cut down on headcount, or really just
Justin Rondeau: get into, like, more automated workflows and to not have piecemealed systems. I think that is the, like, the overwhelming theme I heard in here, which is great, because you're not focused on, like, just individual tactics, like, I want to do PPC better. Like, you really start… you're thinking holistically, which is a great start, and why, you know, it makes sense why you all are in the room. Before, we go forward,
Justin Rondeau: like, I know you're familiar with the team already here, but, Armand, do you want to give a brief, like, hey, like, who you are, what you're all about, and we'll kind of do that for each team member real quick, so you know, like, who to call on, who to tap in when you have particular questions about stuff, right?
Arman Advani: For sure. What's going on, everyone? My name's Armand. I am…
Arman Advani: technically the head of partnerships here at Search Atlas, but I've been and done many things, both at Search Atlas and LinkGraph.
Arman Advani: For context, I've been with Monik literally since day one.
Arman Advani: Going on 9 years at this point.
Arman Advani: So, we've literally built this entire framework of Search Atlas to support agencies like ourselves, and now we're ushering kind of, like, the new agentic way of approaching agency business operations. So, whether you guys need any help from a sales, a positioning, fulfillment.
Arman Advani: consulting, you need a therapist to talk about anything. I'm your guy, okay? Like, seriously, do not hesitate to reach out to me directly, whether it's a group call, a one-to-one, you just want to text me, whatever it is, like, I'm here.
Arman Advani: And I can either give you the direct advice from myself, or I can route you to the appropriate team member from my side, if it's a little bit out of scope for me specifically.
Justin Rondeau: Nice. Awesome, man. Thanks for that. Ismar, do you want to give a brief intro?
Justin Rondeau: Unless you're on the call with somebody else.
Justin Rondeau: There we go.
Ismar Costa - SA: Right, sorry, a lot of terminals running here.
Ismar Costa - SA: Can you guys hear me?
Justin Rondeau: Yeah, we can't… oh, now we can see YouTube.
Ismar Costa - SA: Alright, so, I am the PM for the AI agent and RN Audit, so I'll be here mostly to help you guys on the weekly sessions, so whatever questions you have on how to use and make sure that everything that was thought out here
Ismar Costa - SA: is working on your end. It's both me and Nico that will be helping you guys, all together with Matt.
Justin Rondeau: Great, awesome. And spoiler alert for Nico, like, Nico, feel free to, jump and introduce yourself too, even though eSmart did for you.
Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah.
Juan Nicolas Villamil: Hello guys, nice to meet you. My name is Nicholas, I'm a product manager of PPC and Website Studio, and we'll be here helping you to stream out your workflows. So, very happy to be here with you guys.
Justin Rondeau: Awesome, great. Hey, Fidan, do you wanna say what's up?
Fidan Alizada: Oh my god, I wasn't ready for this one. Hi guys, I am Fidan, I basically will be your community manager on Circle, so whenever you have any questions related to our mastermind group.
Fidan Alizada: You can always come to me. I have been part of Search Atlas for over 4 years, so I'm… I have pretty much every resources that you might need to make sure that you have the best of luck in this mastermind. So, so excited to see you all here, and I already met some of you in person as well, so excited to be part of this journey.
Justin Rondeau: Awesome, thank you for that. And then, I'm Justin Rondo, so of the, you know, most popular names in the group, one of the three. And I am, head of marketing here at, at Search Atlas, so I've been in the game
Justin Rondeau: it's weird to say this now, I think it's like 16 years I've been in the game doing this thing between, info marketing, SaaS marketing. I bought and exited one of the biggest
Justin Rondeau: white-label PPC agencies, like, in the world. I've been on the agency side, I've trained marketers, I'm specifically strong in all things conversion optimization, offer construction, paid media, email marketing, lifecycle marketing. If it's marketing, I've done it.
Justin Rondeau: And I love to talk about this stuff, and so please tag me in whenever you need to, when you're… even if it's outside of anything that's, like, product-specific, but if it's marketing-specific, business-specific, just like Armand said, you need someone to talk to, riff on, have questions about something, you're like,
Justin Rondeau: I'm your guy. So, so tag me in, coach, whenever you need me, and happy to, to support everybody there. And oh, great, Brian's in the room too!
Fidan Alizada: Yeah, great timing.
Justin Rondeau: Perfect timing, perfect timing. Brian, we were just finishing up, intro, like, roundtable of intros. I'll actually, if you're cool, do you want to jump off real quick and just give a brief intro of yourself, who you are, where you're at, what you're focused on, and what's your win, for the, group?
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, why not? Hello, everybody! Is this where I just start talking?
Bryan Fikes: Let's see… I want to be able to talk into my phone and go onboard client and have it go through all of the stuff that I used to have 38 employees do.
Bryan Fikes: So thank you all for giving me that dream. I have been at this for some time. I started back, when DMOZ was a thing, and, learned how to…
Bryan Fikes: somehow hack DMAS in being able to get my directory submissions to show up on Yahoo.
Bryan Fikes: A buddy of mine looked over my shoulder and said, dude, you've got lightning in a bottle. I go, what are you talking about? He's like, you can drive traffic. Like, you're, like, you should learn how to do that.
Bryan Fikes: And so, like, I call it the, when the hair on the back of my neck stands up, that's when I know I'm going down the right path. When I started hearing about this opportunity, I've heard about you guys for a couple years. I've been at the sleep… at the wheel for about 5 years, and so I'm back, I'm here to learn, I'm like a sponge.
Bryan Fikes: I'm a little wiser now, so you're… you're lucky to be dealing with the 50-year-old version, not the 28-year-old version, Justin, because I… all that party music that we had going on, I've been just doing this. You had, like, a disco in the back.
Bryan Fikes: So…
Justin Rondeau: So glad, glad to have you here, man. And then we'll close it out with Matt Bailey. Do you just want to do a brief intro for the rest of the group, tell you what you're all about there, and how you'll be able to support them?
Matt Bailey: Alright, well, nice to meet you all. I, funny enough, talking with Brian on the setup call just a, you know, a little while ago, we kind of had parallel paths. I started in SEO in around 95, just building sites based on what I learned in journalism.
Matt Bailey: Went the agency route, got tired of the agency route, got burnt out, so moved on and went into training, and…
Matt Bailey: you know, fortunate enough, kind of connected with Search Atlas last year. We've worked together on a couple projects, and opportunity came up to… to do training, and to build workshops, work with you, and you know, very excited about it, and looking forward to what we can do.
Justin Rondeau: Awesome. Thanks for that, Matt. Alright, I think that that completely rounds us out. What I'd like everybody to do, just real quick, and you can write it down in a notebook, type it on a text app, like, have it ready to put into circles somewhere, I don't know, I don't care, do whatever you want to do for it. But I want you to write down, like, what's your non-negotiable win for this? Write it down.
Justin Rondeau: And then I would like to, like, and share it with me today.
Justin Rondeau: It could be a… take a picture of what you wrote in your book, type it wherever you want, share it with me, and feed on, and I want to make sure that we're able to make sure that you hit your non-negotiable, the thing that you want to be able to achieve, and make sure that we are able to get you there, because, like I said, like, we wanted to bring along the elite of the elite to make sure that they succeed.
Justin Rondeau: So take, like, 30 seconds to think through that, what that looks like. Send it my way, and then, what I'll do as you're kind of getting that in place is I'll hand it off to Monica for him to start digging in, because you don't need to hear me blabbing all this time. Like I said, we're the doing group, so let's get, let's hit Monic up and started working on some things.
Manick Bhan: Awesome, Justin, thank you. Absolutely. Guys, great to have you guys here for this. I'm super, super excited about what we're gonna be doing it together. Everything you guys described is exactly why we're doing this. I'm glad you guys are here for it, because I think this journey we're gonna go on this year together is gonna be… one, it's gonna be exhilarating.
Manick Bhan: For… for…
Manick Bhan: all of you, and for our team as well, to see what you guys are able to do with these technologies and the capabilities that we just finally are able to step into. And to end, it's gonna be a lot of fun for me, too, because my…
Manick Bhan: what really gets me excited is seeing the impact that I can have with the technology, with the platform, with the company, and you guys are the beneficiaries of that, right? You guys are gonna get the best of everything.
Manick Bhan: The best access to what we know is working, the best access to our software, the best freebies, and also access to things that, frankly.
Manick Bhan: no one else gets access to. You guys are gonna get access to things like that, and…
Manick Bhan: And I will share more about what that is. In fact, today, one of the things that I want to get from you guys during the call is information about
Manick Bhan: If you could pick 3 sites.
Manick Bhan: Three websites that ranked number one on Google, For whatever that is.
Manick Bhan: I want you to put them into a certain spreadsheet where I am gonna help you do that.
Manick Bhan: Sound good?
Manick Bhan: So… Let's go over our… Our agenda for today.
Manick Bhan: And I want to take you guys through… this is what we're going to be doing with our call.
Manick Bhan: Okay, so the first thing I want to do is I want to go over the syllabus.
Manick Bhan: I said, I can't see you guys.
Manick Bhan: So, I want to go over the syllabus, which is going to give you guys an understanding of where are we going this year, and what are our missions, what are our objectives.
Manick Bhan: Then I want to confirm who here actually had a chance to do the onboarding and the setup. So, guys, if you go into the chat, and if you had a chance to meet with my team, do your one-on-one onboarding and setup call, just give me a 1. If you have not, give me a 0, so I know just where you're at right now.
Manick Bhan: Don't freak out if you haven't had the onboarding yet. We'll make sure we do that for you, so you guys can get set up and configured properly. But the whole idea of it was, get the onboarding done so that your MCP, Surge Alice MCP, is connected on your computer, you're ready to go, and you will have cloned also some of the GitHub repos.
Manick Bhan: Nice. Andy's onboarded Justin.
Manick Bhan: Jonathan Geiner, Brian?
Manick Bhan: Okay, yes, on your Mac Studio. So you use your MacBook Pro for your regular business, and you use your Mac Studio for the MCP, okay.
Manick Bhan: I would recommend
Manick Bhan: whichever computer you use the most is the one you want to have set up with the MCP, because that's going to be your command and control server. That's the one that you're going to be
Manick Bhan: Checking and logging into and using.
Manick Bhan: Because this is not just gonna be about what you do here when we're together for our meetings. I'm giving you guys an agenic operating system.
Manick Bhan: That's what I'm doing, and I'm getting you guys to install it on your computer. That agenda operating system is going to connect to the cloud, but it's also going to be your terminal to ask and answer any question about your business, about your agency, about your agency's clients.
Manick Bhan: And you'll even use it to communicate with your team.
Manick Bhan: So today, I'm gonna also show you guys certain workflows you can use to send messages to your teammates on ClickUp, Slack.
Manick Bhan: Whatever communication tool you might be using. I don't usually use QuickUp and Slack anymore using the UI. I use… I do everything agnically. So any ideas I have, anything I want to share, I just send those commands in, and they get dispatched and sent.
Manick Bhan: to the team that I'm communicating with. So I'm going to show you guys a little bit about how to set that up today.
Jonathan Giner: Man, quick question on that. Yeah. Just to get some clarity. So, so this particular computer, it could be essentially anywhere, or is this a web… or is this a computer that we have to work off of all the time?
Manick Bhan: This is gonna be a computer that you work with on a day-to-day basis.
Jonathan Giner: Okay, so anytime we're prompting anything, we're using this computer?
Manick Bhan: Yes.
Jonathan Giner: Okay.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys actually have two computers, like a laptop and a desktop? A desktop at home and a laptop when you travel.
Jonathan Giner: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys have that set up? Jonathan, you do?
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Manick Bhan: Pav, you do as well?
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, so I have something at the office, and then I have, obviously, a laptop that, if I'm on the road, I'm working off of that.
Manick Bhan: Okay, I'm gonna get… I'm gonna help you guys out with, then, something that's really powerful.
Manick Bhan: And I will… I will literally get you guys set up the exact same way that I do, so I'm gonna give you guys another link to a resource that will help you. It's called SyncThing, and what it does is it allows you to take a directory on your computer and have it synchronized in real time to your laptop.
Manick Bhan: It's pretty dope.
Manick Bhan: As long as both have an internet connection, you just can synchronize them and have them match one-to-one.
Manick Bhan: For me, this was absolutely indispensable, because I literally… I'm at my computer, and I'm… Coding and building.
Manick Bhan: Literally until, like, 30 seconds before a driver comes and picks me up to take me to the airport.
Manick Bhan: And I don't have time to copy anything over to my laptop.
Manick Bhan: Right? It's just gotta go there so that when I'm on my flight, I can just continue seamlessly, and there's no interruption. For me, if I lose an hour, or two hours, or I can't work for a day.
Manick Bhan: it literally costs the company tens of thousands of dollars, and so I have to have my systems totally dialed in so there's no hiccups, there's no gap of anything, especially even if I'm going on vacation, or I was just in Europe.
Manick Bhan: Everything's gotta synchronize. So, what I want you guys to do is, if that's you, if you have two computers, use SyncThing, and I will tell you guys a little bit more about it, but just for now, just go get it installed on both machines, and then I can give you guys some instructions for how to configure that today, okay? Sound good?
Manick Bhan: Sweet. Who's gonna… who's gonna be using this? Just so I can… I can just track that in the group. Who needs this software on their computer?
Manick Bhan: Brian, yes, Kaz. Rick?
Bryan Fikes: Well, actually, man, if you don't mind, real quick, just, so I have the Mac Studio, because again, it's my understanding, once I do the MCP, it's gonna run through… it could potentially run through all the stuff. My MacBook is, like, my gold. I mean, it's got everything that I ever do, so I went out and just bought a Mac Studio, with the understanding that, I mean, like, right now, I'm on both.
Bryan Fikes: And I have a tri-screen, so, like, it's… everything's all connected that way. If what you're asking for the… what you're suggesting is the sync thing, if I forget the Mac Studio at home and I want to play with it, obviously you're saying as long as it's plugged in at home, I could sit there and play with it as well.
Manick Bhan: Exactly. Basically, there's a folder, it's a magic folder that's on both computers that is always staying in sync with each other. So everything that you build related to your software, related to this stuff we're going to show you, you should put all of that inside the sync directory from SyncThink.
Manick Bhan: So that as you work on it on your laptop or on your Mac Studio, it's in both places.
Manick Bhan: You can get to it immediately.
Manick Bhan: Or maybe if you're using two laptops, or whatever it might be, it's a great solution, that I highly recommend.
Manick Bhan: And let me just see… so who… so it looks like, Clayton, you did not have a chance to do the onboarding. Michael, you did not have a chance either. That is okay. When did you guys schedule your… your one-on-one?
Manick Bhan: Clearance.
Matt Bailey: I haven't scheduled them yet. Michael, I sent an email to you earlier today to get a scheduled time, and Clayton, I'm working on your email to get that out right now.
Manick Bhan: Okay, perfect. So, hopefully it's gonna be this week, right, Matt?
Matt Bailey: Yeah, we've got time, yeah, Tuesday and a couple times on Wednesday available, so I'll be shooting those times out.
Manick Bhan: Excellent.
Manick Bhan: Great. So, you guys get yourselves onboarded this week, that's gonna be great.
Manick Bhan: And you guys will have the MCP configured and set up.
Manick Bhan: So… Cool, that clears that. Now,
Manick Bhan: The real-time engagement, I'm gonna give you guys a link to this, I'm gonna drop it in the chat.
Manick Bhan: You guys should all be able to access this. Let me just check my sharing permissions on it.
Manick Bhan: Perfect. So… Let me just explain how this works.
Manick Bhan: what I… what I'm looking for is, I want your agency… I want you to basically create your own
Manick Bhan: tab of this. So you would right-click, duplicate it.
Manick Bhan: And, Justin, I'm just gonna put this one in here for you.
Manick Bhan: Justin Day?
Manick Bhan: Day by Day Digital.
Manick Bhan: And then… Let's actually fill this out together.
Manick Bhan: Justin, I'm gonna just ask you, Give me 3 domains.
Manick Bhan: First one should be your own agency site, so what would that be?
Justin Day: DaybyDaydigital.com.
Manick Bhan: dot AI?
Justin Day: Yep, that, yeah, that's right.
Manick Bhan: Perfect.
Manick Bhan: Alright, so we're gonna put that in as the web domain.
Manick Bhan: And… what keywords… what are your dream keywords you want to rank for? Let's build a couple clusters.
Justin Day: Best SEO agency for plumbers.
Manick Bhan: Alright.
Justin Day: HVAC, you know, all that stuff.
Manick Bhan: And let's just check your title tag, see what you got here.
Manick Bhan: So you've got full-service digital marketing agency, day by day, digital… Okay.
Manick Bhan: Nice.
Manick Bhan: All right So I'm actually gonna break these out into… two different clusters.
Manick Bhan: One is going to be focused on the plumbers.
Manick Bhan: And one is going to be focused on HVAC.
Justin Day: And what I'm in the middle of doing is using your website studio to actually build this out specifically for each of those.
Justin Day: target audiences. I'm excited to use that, man, it's really killer.
Manick Bhan: Awesome, yeah, it's… You guys,
Manick Bhan: I don't know if you guys noticed, but we put an update last week for…
Manick Bhan: the website studio, and you guys all have now, I think.
Manick Bhan: Nico, what is it? Is it 2x the quota, or is it 4x the quota?
Juan Nicolas Villamil: It's around…
Juan Nicolas Villamil: 2X to quota. So, quota is the same, but it is optimized, so you can actually build more changes for the same.
Manick Bhan: Cool. So, your… basically, your quota credits go twice as far?
Manick Bhan: So, you're gonna put these in here.
Manick Bhan: And so, same web domain.
Manick Bhan: Anything else you want, you want to include for that, for daybydaydigital.ai?
Justin Day: Ai SEO.
Justin Day: you know, AI visibility.
Manick Bhan: It's gonna be super…
Bryan Fikes: for that one.
Manick Bhan: Competing.
Justin Day: I know, well, you said anything.
Manick Bhan: Let's go a little bit more longer tail. Like, what's gonna be something that,
Manick Bhan: Is more… what about, like, local keywords related to…
Manick Bhan: like, the locality you guys are in, so, like, Dallas, Texas.
Justin Day: Yeah, sure, just… or Austin, Texas, let's go Austin, Texas, SEO agency.
Manick Bhan: Okay.
Bryan Fikes: I don't mind sharing, by the way, just because I'm not going to have that many clients, I don't want to work that much, so… Justin, you can have my overflow.
Justin Day: Alright, I'll take them.
Manick Bhan: Cool. So this is your local cluster.
Manick Bhan: And then, we also need to increase the search volume just on the brand. So, today by day digital?
Manick Bhan: agency, or SEO agency.
Manick Bhan: And are… do you have any resources or guides on the website that are…
Manick Bhan: That are, like, really comprehensive, top-tier content.
Justin Day: No, to be honest, we haven't updated the website in quite some time. We've just been waiting to use your website studio, so it's pretty outdated.
Manick Bhan: Cool. So, if you guys do have some really piece of… some really good piece of content, it could be a trophy article, it could be something really…
Manick Bhan: Well done, well made.
Manick Bhan: Put that in here.
Manick Bhan: in your tab.
Manick Bhan: For example, for Search Atlas, it would be… it could be one of our correlation studies, right? So maybe we do, like, Search Atlas.
Manick Bhan: Like this one, Domain Power.
Manick Bhan: Right, so I might include this one as, like, one of these pieces of content that's on the website, that's a really authority piece of content that I really want Google to associate with my brand, and to build more visible… visibility around this. Okay? So then in this case, I would just take this, and I would put this in here.
Manick Bhan: And I would put the keyword.
Manick Bhan: Which would be Domain Power Search Alice.
Manick Bhan: Right? What I'm really looking for is I'm looking for… I'm gonna create,
Manick Bhan: Column here. And it's gonna be, like, the campaign type.
Manick Bhan: And this would be exact, exact, exact, and… And then this is branded.
Manick Bhan: And I would do a couple that would be… Branded, but really navigational.
Manick Bhan: Branded keywords typically go to the homepage, okay?
Manick Bhan: So see if you guys can come up with…
Manick Bhan: Exact match, keywords, branded keywords, and branded navigational keywords.
Manick Bhan: Justin doesn't have any navigational yet, but… Yeah.
Manick Bhan: That would be good to add.
Manick Bhan: Any questions on… on how we did that?
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Do we have a keyword search tool that helps us figure out what actually is on page 1 that we could use for this?
Manick Bhan: Good question. I wouldn't worry about if it's on page 1 or not yet.
Manick Bhan: I would just think about the keywords you want to be associated with your brand semantically.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: you're gonna always have your branded keyword, like, I bet Justin already ranks number one for this keyword.
Manick Bhan: So it's already here in position 1.
Manick Bhan: Don't have to worry about that.
Manick Bhan: Branded should always be in position 1.
Manick Bhan: So, if your branded keyword's not in position 1, check it out.
Manick Bhan: And just let me know about that so that I'm aware of it. I can help you guys with that, too.
Manick Bhan: But, your branded keywords should typically be in position 1 or position 2.
Manick Bhan: Justin, you want to do the next brand? You want to pick a client, or… or another…
Manick Bhan: digital avatar, or even your own personal site? Do you have a personal site?
Justin Day: I do not. I've been too busy serving clients. This has got to get me out of it so I can do this stuff.
Manick Bhan: So, no worries. So today, Look at this guy. Look at this imposser. Australian professional golfer.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, it's hard to… I will locate…
Manick Bhan: Yeah, it could be tough, but he's Australian, and at least we could probably…
Manick Bhan: What was this? Oh, this is recent, too. Shit.
Manick Bhan: Maybe because he's an Aussie, that we can… we can knock him out for the knowledge graph in the United States. But I think if we… if we do a… a big campaign, we could probably get this… get you to take page one for your own name. What you will need to do, and that is, like, a big part of what we're going to be doing here in Architecting the Agentic Agency.
Manick Bhan: Is the first phase of this is really about the brand and the identity.
Manick Bhan: So… I'll let you guys… how about this? You guys go and… Has anyone finished their…
Manick Bhan: Their tab yet? Are you guys still working?
Bryan Fikes: Man, I've got one question, and I can have it finished in 2 seconds.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Bryan Fikes: Can you go to BonsaiX.ai for me?
Bryan Fikes: Pretty pleased.
Bryan Fikes: Lots of chairs.
Manick Bhan: Right here.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, your website?
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, yeah, this is the one I created with you guys.
Bryan Fikes: Okay. So, it took me an hour… yeah, see, I think I'm having problems with it.
Bryan Fikes: There it goes.
Bryan Fikes: Go to the Locations tab up top.
Bryan Fikes: National service area?
Bryan Fikes: So when I started, I was just like, you know what, I just want to own my own, like, county, and now I've got the entire map of the United States.
Bryan Fikes: So you click the little icons. I was… technically, I'm working with Farhan, I'll figure out why it's doing that.
Bryan Fikes: But then, now pull up my other website, bonsaiMarketingCompany.com.
Bryan Fikes: I'm pretty sure I know how you're gonna answer this, but I want you to tell me…
Bryan Fikes: There's a couple other bonsais, so that's the other thing, is I'm kind of…
Bryan Fikes: I'm trademarking BonsaiX, but this is the one that I took, you know, a couple months. This is my old traditional style with my developer.
Bryan Fikes: And so I guess my thinking is I've got this umbrella brand, Bonsai Marketing Company, BonsaiX is kind of like everything for, you know, AI and automation and my software, and then the Bonsai Brain is what I'm building with the MCP, but if you were going to focus between first going for the umbrella.
Bryan Fikes: Or going for the software version of this and the automation piece.
Bryan Fikes: Which of those two would you decide?
Manick Bhan: I would build everything under one roof.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, I would build everything under one roof for sure, and really concentrate your… your brand, your equity, into a single domain that you just build out, and you make it bigger and bigger. If you start too early, so, like, for example.
Manick Bhan: Let's just, like, look at some of my brands.
Manick Bhan: Lingrass?
Manick Bhan: This is, like, a huge…
Manick Bhan: digital brand that's now been around for a long, long time. When we started, we did not try to divide our chips up and put them into different brands, we really put them into one. And we built this thing to have… I mean, it's a huge site. Armand, how many pages are on this? Must be, like, 2,000 now?
Arman Advani: Yeah, we've definitely done a little bit of pruning on this site recently, just to kind of realign with some of our enterprise prospects, but…
Arman Advani: We didn't delete a lot of pages, we just removed them from the navigation or footer.
Arman Advani: So, the site is actually quite large. We did do something similar with the locations strategy as well.
Arman Advani: Where we have a location served, and we created, you know, pages for different markets that we wanted to penetrate into.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: That's good. So… What you guys will see is…
Manick Bhan: First build one site to have a big footprint, and then, once that site has taken root, only then can you really justify moving on to a different domain.
Manick Bhan: Does that make sense? Like, what you don't want to do is be like, alright, I'm gonna build this, I'm gonna build this, I'm gonna build this, I'm gonna build this.
Manick Bhan: Right now, my job is to make sure you guys get ranking, that you guys have a real fucking business, and you grow that business. That is my job. Like, I need to make sure you guys all hit that goal. In order for that to happen, I need you guys to just build it in one place first.
Manick Bhan: Once you guys learn how to do that, and you learn how to do the MCP and use the MCP on that brand.
Manick Bhan: and scale it, then go crazy. You can build as many sites as you want. And, in fact, now, my team
Manick Bhan: We are building out lots and lots of other sites that are kind of triangulating, to funnel PageRank
Manick Bhan: back to Search Atlas.
Manick Bhan: So, let's see… PageRank.
Manick Bhan: Looks like the DevOps team pruned some of my work, but do you guys remember that PageRank visualizer that I showed at the last challenge? Basically, how we move PageRank from site to site?
Manick Bhan: what we realize is that, you know what is the largest number one source of page rank for SearchAtlas.com?
Manick Bhan: It's actually our agency, linkgraph.com.
Manick Bhan: So, what you can do is you build these digital brands, you create this page rank bot in each one of them, and then you use them to help each other out.
Manick Bhan: But just start with one first. You guys will run the MCP on that site.
Manick Bhan: And Andy, for you, you have a brand.
Manick Bhan: So, you do that on your brand, but we should also build A third-party review site.
Manick Bhan: For the best.
Manick Bhan: software platforms in your space. Justin, what's the one that we made?
Justin Rondeau: Oh, I was… it's, let me pull it up. AI… AIToolReviewGuide.com. Let me drop it here.
Justin Rondeau: Still doing some factuality checks on that, but, I mean… Boom.
Manick Bhan: But check this shiz out.
Manick Bhan: This site was built by Justin, in the web studio.
Manick Bhan: and push live… how long did this take you?
Justin Rondeau: Initial… first initial 6 pages, about 5 minutes. The vibing, the updates took me about 60, going back and forth on some stuff for site-wide changes as well, which is really, really good. So all in all, about 65…
Justin Rondeau: 75 minutes to do this all in one shot.
Manick Bhan: Nice.
Manick Bhan: So, I would also recommend, guys, like, for each of you guys, think about what is your… what is your satellite brand?
Manick Bhan: What is the brand that is the impartial third-party observer in your space, that…
Manick Bhan: Is gonna funnel equity and trust and boost your main site.
Manick Bhan: So it's actually this… it's so important, I want everyone to go kind of one by one. Think about it in two ways.
Manick Bhan: Think about it from the lens of.
Manick Bhan: your agency brand, or your… your brand itself, Andy.
Manick Bhan: Think about what is… what would the… what is the most authoritative site on the internet?
Manick Bhan: If it was out there, and it was talking about businesses in my space, what could that be? That's option one.
Manick Bhan: Option 2… is… if you're a niche-down agency, like, Justin is HVAC and plumber, right?
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys serve a very particular niche of trade?
Manick Bhan: Yeah, Rick?
Manick Bhan: Brian?
Manick Bhan: Michael?
Manick Bhan: What you guys can also do is build a… a third-party site that is basically a… is where you put your clients.
Manick Bhan: It's where you… Get them visible online as, like, another citation.
Manick Bhan: where you build up this other site, which is the top HVAC plumbers in the United States, or if you're focusing on a particular geo, just that geo, you build this small microsite out to help your clients get a boost in their visibility.
Manick Bhan: And that site, you'll find over time, will accrue its own equity.
Manick Bhan: Why? Because you're going long tail, you're targeting this brand keyword.
Manick Bhan: And you can also build equity to the site through Search Atlas, through backlinks, through citations, you can boost that site up.
Manick Bhan: So, let's just go around the horn. Like, Justin and I just went, we did AI tool review.
Manick Bhan: Justin, what would be, like, what would be your third-party review site?
Manick Bhan: satellite. What would that brand be?
Justin Day: I mean, I don't really have one…
Justin Day: That I can think of for this.
Justin Day: the moment. I did just launch an AI visibility scanner for my lead magnet, that that's kind of what we're trying to move towards. Right, get a diagnosis of websites, and then have Search Atlas be the tool that fixes all of it. So that's kind of the direction we're heading.
Manick Bhan: What about, what about a list of the best agencies in… Texas.
Manick Bhan: Or…
Justin Day: Globally. Right, I see. Yeah.
Manick Bhan: Where you put yourself at the top.
Justin Day: So you're saying to build that all on…
Justin Day: Your root domain, where you want to choose for… to, like, dig in, and then start linking that to your clients as well to, like, build back-end equity.
Manick Bhan: Yep, you can do it this way.
Manick Bhan: But not your root domain. You give it a new root domain. So it wouldn't be day by day digital, it would be something else entirely.
Justin Day: Okay.
Manick Bhan: So for… for us, with AI Tool… AI Tool Review Guide, it's AIToolReviewGuide.com. This is not linked to Search Atlas at all.
Manick Bhan: Google sees it as a completely different entity altogether.
Justin Day: Hmm.
Justin Day: Got it.
Jonathan Giner: And now, the competitors that you listed on there, aren't they getting links too?
Manick Bhan: The competitors you list on there, you know follow their links.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: But it's true, you do have to put other companies on there, but here's… here's the way I would look at it.
Manick Bhan: the companies I would put on there are gonna be either, one, businesses that wouldn't win, even if you link to reference them.
Manick Bhan: They're just not gonna win relative to you.
Manick Bhan: or…
Manick Bhan: Two, you pick businesses that are the best in the world. Like, well, not the best, but the biggest companies in the world. The ones that are already kind of on the radar, and really what you're doing there is you're basically associating yourself with them.
Manick Bhan: As another related entity.
Manick Bhan: So you're talking about, like, for example, if I was gonna do this for a CRM,
Manick Bhan: I would list Salesforce and HubSpot.
Manick Bhan: Why? Everyone knows them. So, they're not gonna really benefit from me talking about them, but then I get to put myself into the conversation next to Salesforce and HubSpot as a related entity.
Andy Zelt: Yeah, so mine would… could be, like, ADP, right?
Andy Zelt: Everybody knows ADP, right?
Manick Bhan: Yes.
Manick Bhan: You would definitely do ADP.
Justin Rondeau: Yeah, and you'll see how I built this one out, too. I actually don't link out to anybody except Search Atlas. So everything, in terms of, like, the core methodology, how I'm comparing them, I talk specifically about them, and then I break everything down, but everything else just can… like, everything is pushing to go try Search Atlas at some point. Like, it's… I'm not giving them a chance.
Justin Rondeau: to link out, I'm not using text links anywhere.
Justin Rondeau: it might…
Justin Rondeau: if we… that could… I don't know if that would bite me in the ass too much on that one, because strategically, how I'm utilizing this to start, to see if I… if there's, some traction here, is I'm just… I'm running ads to this.
Justin Rondeau: So, I'm… I'm willing to spend on this, because there's only really one way out. It's either they leave or they go to Search Atlas, but the idea is that it…
Justin Rondeau: you have that comparison. They have these other brands in their head, like Monica was saying. We're just in… like, injecting ourselves in that conversation. And then I'm also going to be able to utilize, kind of like, the… on our ads as well. I should be able to have, kind of, like, the ad extensions for each individual page that's on here, that's a comparison tool.
Justin Rondeau: Because each page that I created, there's a deeper page that does a one-on-one comparison between them, when you go into full comparison, but the only way they're leaving this site to go somewhere else is to start a trial with us.
Manick Bhan: It's a really advanced strategy that it's… it also really plays off the optics, because obviously.
Manick Bhan: If you… if you say your brand is the best on your website, obviously you're gonna say that. But if you position, like, a new… a neutral third-party brand that's promoting your own agency or your clients, that has a different kind of authenticity and trust.
Manick Bhan: And especially for paid media campaigns.
Manick Bhan: this is one of the things that Justin and I are really betting on now. This year, you're gonna start to see, inside ads.
Manick Bhan: Way fewer brands dominating with their own ad campaigns versus these third-party
Manick Bhan: Kind of review sites that are created by those brands.
Manick Bhan: it's gonna be harder to know where the traffic is going and what the alliance is of that review site. The reason that we're seeing that is that it actually converts better.
Manick Bhan: Higher conversion rate.
Manick Bhan: Because it's a third-party neutral site, right?
Manick Bhan: So…
Manick Bhan: Like, back to the… back to our process that we're gonna follow, the first phase is the brand and the entity.
Manick Bhan: For all of you guys, there are…
Manick Bhan: There's, like, 3 entities that you guys need to create.
Manick Bhan: One, is your brand.
Manick Bhan: If you already have an agency site.
Manick Bhan: Depends on how good it is, maybe you need to rebuild it in some cases.
Manick Bhan: But that agency site is really important. You need that to be dialed. We need that to be hyper-optimized for conversion, because in…
Manick Bhan: In this year, what we're gonna be doing together is sending traffic to that site, and it's gotta convert.
Manick Bhan: The second brand that we need to create is your brand.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys already have your own personal website?
Manick Bhan: Yep.
Manick Bhan: Armand, you do. Justin, you do.
Manick Bhan: Every single person here, that's, like, one of the things we're gonna do today, is we're gonna go build.
Manick Bhan: Either in the MCP, Or, directly in the platform.
Manick Bhan: We're gonna build that second entity out today and publish it.
Manick Bhan: The third one is going to be this review site. This is your third-party neutral satellite brand, which is going to go back and funnel equity back to your main… your main beast.
Manick Bhan: Did anyone… anyone not get that, or do I… does anyone want me to just repeat it one more time?
Manick Bhan: Good.
Kav: Monarch.
Manick Bhan: Go on, Cass.
Kav: Is it better to build a… let's say, like.
Kav: for our clients, so for instance, like, our SEO Ninja division, dentists, and then plumbers, do we say, like, the top plumbers in the U.S, and then we're ranking our clients, and then they use us? Or is it top agencies for plumbers in the U.S, or top marketing agencies for dentists in the U.S?
Manick Bhan: It's actually both of them. Both of those sites deserve to exist.
Manick Bhan: Both of those sites deserve to exist. You should have one site where you get to say you're the best agency.
Manick Bhan: Right?
Manick Bhan: And you should also have a site where you get to promote your clients, and give them equity, and boost them. It's also a deliverable, right? Adding them into that list of top plumbers creates visibility, creates another citation for them online.
Manick Bhan: That is only going to their… their site. It's not going anywhere else.
Manick Bhan: But ideally, all.
Kav: We don't have a lot of competition.
Kav: And we don't have a lot of competition regionally with our clients, not too many, like, zip codes, so that would actually be pretty good positioning. And then we have a… we could also, like, link and say, we do their marketing, so that would actually help us tremendously, right?
Manick Bhan: Well, that's… of course, yeah. As you build out the equity for the domain, the root domain for the client.
Manick Bhan: service listing site, you put yourself at the bottom and say, like, like, built by site to scale.
Manick Bhan: Right? Marketing…
Manick Bhan: the growth success they got to have was through the partner sites at scale. So now, other… other businesses that see that.
Manick Bhan: That citation, they come and they find sites of scale as well.
Manick Bhan: It's good for you, too.
Kav: Makes sense. Awesome. Thank you.
Manick Bhan: And these are your sites.
Manick Bhan: You don't have to pay anyone.
Manick Bhan: to change them. You don't have to pay a monthly fee to retain them. These are just yours. These are your assets you're building.
Manick Bhan: At the end of the year, guys, when we fast-forward 12 months.
Manick Bhan: you're gonna be happy you built these assets. You're gonna be really, really happy you built these assets, because maybe…
Manick Bhan: In the first week or so.
Manick Bhan: They don't have a lot of traction.
Manick Bhan: But once you guys see all the things we're gonna be able to do with the MCP,
Manick Bhan: These sites are going to become gargantuan.
Manick Bhan: They're gonna become huge, and they're gonna get traffic.
Manick Bhan: And… Google had an algorithm update.
Manick Bhan: we saw, as a part of the latest Algo update, they no longer… allow competitors to…
Manick Bhan: So, what I… what I can no longer do as easily is say, I'm the best on my own website, and I'm better than competitor A, B, C, D, E.
Manick Bhan: Because they realized
Manick Bhan: Page 1 of Google is just filled with competitors positioning themselves as better than their next best competitor. And Google realized that that's not the most credible source of knowledge.
Manick Bhan: Right?
Manick Bhan: Plus, I think we kind of promoted that strategy quite a bit over the last one year.
Manick Bhan: And it worked, and it worked great.
Manick Bhan: And now, the same strategy works, but you just can't do it on your own domain.
Manick Bhan: Did you guys get that?
Manick Bhan: You just gotta put it on that third-party domain.
Manick Bhan: That's the trick.
Manick Bhan: So it's a very smart algorithm that they rolled out, and I think we're gonna see… ChatGPT is gonna do that eventually. It was bound to happen eventually. That's why it's good to have these multiple satellite brands that you can use for different purposes.
Manick Bhan: So today, we're gonna really focus on the brand and the identity.
Manick Bhan: Of the brand, and to build out the…
Manick Bhan: knowledge graph of all of these brands, right? That's what we're gonna focus on. But where are we gonna go next? I want to show you guys a vision for our year together.
Manick Bhan: First, brand and entity. Next, we're going to look at automating all the SEO and GEO fulfillment.
Manick Bhan: Creating agentic systems that get the work done for our clients while we sleep.
Manick Bhan: Then… We're gonna talk about prospecting and sales.
Manick Bhan: How can we do agentic sales prospecting?
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys would like more clients for your agency?
Manick Bhan: Yep.
Manick Bhan: We're gonna do it. We're gonna do it together.
Manick Bhan: Then we're gonna go, and we're gonna talk about reporting and communications. So, building the reporting dashboards and the systems for our clients. How do we provide them top-notch reporting?
Manick Bhan: And even beyond just… the reporting side.
Manick Bhan: How do we get into the… into the place
Manick Bhan: Where we're building the business intelligence system for them.
Manick Bhan: What makes a business intelligence system different than reporting is that a business intelligence system is so…
Manick Bhan: Crucially valuable, that it becomes the single source of truth
Manick Bhan: For how that business is performing.
Manick Bhan: Arman, could you tell everyone here how we did this for Roto-Rooter, and what it means, and how this is…
Manick Bhan: Affected our relationship with the client and how much they need us.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Arman Advani: emergency.
Manick Bhan: Beginning of the year. Like, what happened to them?
Arman Advani: Dude, there's so many moving pieces on this particular account. So essentially, they are a massive company, they're publicly traded, but they have very fragmented technology stacks, right? So every department, every strategy is effectively living in a silo.
Arman Advani: So, paid media has no idea what
Arman Advani: organic performances. Organic has no idea what paid is bidding on. None of them know what conversion rates are, or how to spend their money.
Arman Advani: So, what they really needed to do was create, like, a data lake to centralize all of their business data before our AI systems could actually
Arman Advani: Figure out what channel to dial back on, what channel to spend more on, what market to, you know, scale up spend, what market to scale down spend.
Arman Advani: So, before we could even use a proper agentic operating system for these guys, we first had to solve their data problem.
Arman Advani: Additionally to that.
Arman Advani: We also wanted to do this exact strategy of creating a third-party review site to help promote their various locations at the hyper-specific city level.
Arman Advani: And exactly what Monic's playing up right now is Plumber.com, right? So they own Plumber.com, they also own Roto-Rooter.com.
Arman Advani: So, Plumber.com currently
Arman Advani: redirects to Roto-Rooter.com, but we're about to launch Plumber.com as a standalone, like, nationwide aggregator site that then promotes Roto-Rooter
Arman Advani: as the number one choice in the respective markets. So honestly, there's so many moving pieces to this account, but without using AI or automations.
Arman Advani: there's literally 0% chance for them to transform their legacy business and actually do something proactive for once. So they ended up being, like, the perfect candidate to work with us, because they weren't just a single location plumber that needed to rank better. This was, like, a global company that had really
Arman Advani: honestly, big problems that they could not figure out themselves until literally me, Monique, Sophia, John Fish went to their headquarters, sat them down with their boardroom, and was like, guys, take a seat.
Arman Advani: here's the world you're living in, not the world you've built your business in. The world has changed, and this is exactly how we're gonna re-architect your whole entire business processes.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: Do you think we could show them?
Manick Bhan: A little bit of that dashboard.
Arman Advani: Yeah, let me pull it up really quickly.
Arman Advani: I need to find the latest version of it.
Manick Bhan: What you guys are gonna find is, as you move upstream, and you go toward more enterprise accounts.
Manick Bhan: The amount of fragmentation and knowledge silos that they have?
Manick Bhan: Makes them internally incapable of even understanding the most basic things.
Manick Bhan: Beginning of the year.
Manick Bhan: Roto-Rooter's paid media is down, like, 40%. 40% fewer leads. And they're freaked out. They have no idea where it's coming from. They're like, is it you? Is it you? Is this? Is that? They have no idea what's wrong.
Manick Bhan: when you build the Central Intelligence Agency for a big brand like that.
Manick Bhan: It becomes the first thing they log into every single day.
Manick Bhan: So there you go.
Arman Advani: Exactly. So this is, like, 100% custom, right? So we have things like their appointment data, we have the ability to look at date ranges, compare.
Arman Advani: break down by region, breakdown by branches, and they have, I think it's 542 locations. Each one of them has, you know, various levels of baseline, 549 even.
Arman Advani: Various levels of rankings, previous keywords that they're ranking for, different marketing initiatives either they're doing on the location level, or previous vendors that they were working with.
Arman Advani: And honestly, like, everything was so freaking siloed, it was insane.
Arman Advani: So this is honestly even just step… not even step one, it's like…
Arman Advani: Precursor baby step of just getting your arms around all of the data, all of the keywords, all of the business economics, and being able to look at this both from a macro view, as well as from a super precise micro view.
Arman Advani: to be able to say definitively, this is where we need to deploy your budget, this is where we need to point the Google Ads machine, this is where we need to focus more on
Arman Advani: you know, either content or local performance or backlinks. And before this.
Arman Advani: Is it possible that they had similar recommendations from other agencies? Yes. What did they not have? They did not have the confidence interval that the recommendations were based in anything other than witchcraft, or I think this is gonna work, or, hey, have we considered this? It's like, no.
Arman Advani: Look at the data. You have all of these markets, you're spending tens of thousands of dollars in this particular location to bid for keywords that you're already number one in maps and rankings.
Arman Advani: And organic. It's like, why are we doing that? Why don't we dial back down the spend here? Because organic is already producing the pipeline that we want. Effectively, we're stealing leads from organic.
Arman Advani: and we're paying for them, we're already number one, what the hell are we doing? Turn that off.
Arman Advani: save yourself 20 grand a month, and reinvest that into these markets that just spun up that have no frickin' visibility in local, right? And they're like, I've been waiting for someone to just show me the numbers, and how my spend over here is being underutilized, and how I can focus it here.
Arman Advani: So this is the type of stuff that we're trying to do
Arman Advani: With some of our larger accounts, is to really add true enterprise value.
Arman Advani: that doesn't come from necessarily, like, a homegrown spreadsheet or some out-of-the-box snowflake report. Like, you really need to have all of the dots connected before you can guide an organization at this scale.
Arman Advani: When we're talking about literally millions of dollars of ad spend a month, like, they're spending about $4.5 million a month on ads, which is insane.
Arman Advani: And, you know, if you take even a small percentage of that and redirect it the right way to the channels that are underperforming.
Arman Advani: I mean, you don't even have to acquire a new customer, you've just saved them, this massive return on investment just by being more efficient with what they're currently spending.
Manick Bhan: For sure. Does anyone here have a client like that that they think would really benefit from being able to see the end-to-end?
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: Jonathan and Rick, come off mute, share. Like, tell us about why that client needs this.
Manick Bhan: And guys, one thing I want to say, a couple packs we're gonna make, alright? As a team, because we're all in this together, we're a team.
Manick Bhan: We're not gonna take each other's clients, alright?
Manick Bhan: So…
Manick Bhan: We're not gonna do that, so rest assured, can everyone just come off mute and just say, like, I agree? We're not gonna take.
Bryan Fikes: Dude!
Manick Bhan: class.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Agreed.
Andy Zelt: I agree.
Justin Day: Rain.
Clayton Joyner: Agreed.
Jay Cornelius: Agree, guys.
Manick Bhan: Matt Bailey, did you agree?
Justin Rondeau: Matt Pierre's like, they're almost.
Matt Bailey: Agreed. Good. Alright.
Justin Rondeau: snuck through.
Manick Bhan: So everyone agrees, so, Jonathan, please, go ahead, share.
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, I mean, I think that what you guys uncovered there with Roto Rover is by no means unique. I mean, I think that that is…
Jonathan Giner: That's something I think that most businesses suffer with. They have no idea
Jonathan Giner: what's coming from where, and how, and exactly, yeah, what the results are from the various marketing efforts, and as a result of that, they're not sure how to make the appropriate marketing decisions to move the business forward and actually move the needle. So, so yeah, being able to provide something like that, a dashboard, a platform.
Jonathan Giner: that they could see that, and therefore make better business decisions as a result of it, I think is invaluable.
Manick Bhan: What kind of client do you have that needs that type of treatment?
Jonathan Giner: So I have, like, probably one of the largest plastic surgeons here in Miami, that would absolutely benefit from something like that.
Jonathan Giner: And also, I mean, also, I have a large insurance franchise, too.
Jonathan Giner: That, that would benefit from that, too. They have about 200 locations here in Florida.
Jonathan Giner: And if I approached them with something like that, they'd… I mean, they'd go absolutely wild.
Manick Bhan: Amazing. And you have access to all their data already? So you could… you could build this for them now, right?
Jonathan Giner: So not the insurance company, but yeah, the plastic surgeon, absolutely.
Manick Bhan: us searching. Perfect.
Manick Bhan: Fantastic, that sounds great. Rick, can you?
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Yeah, so, I'm gonna go all in on this trust factor thing. So, two days ago, I was having dinner with the president of Compass Real Estate.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Compass just bought Anywhere for $1.6 billion. They own Sotheby's, Corker, and Century 21.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: So, Compass has a huge, tech team. I think they spent a billion dollars on their website.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: But Todd and I would like to collaborate with you, and Search Atlas on tackling this one together, because we…
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: you guys have the national authority and ranking and ability, but I can set up… I can set up a one-on-one meeting with the CTO. I'm pretty sure I could do that about any time.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: But they, you know, if we can tackle the national brand there, then we've got 10 other national brands right under them that all… and Robert is on a mission to just crush Zillow, and I think it would be, a really good, a really good fit.
Manick Bhan: Amazing. We were just…
Arman Advani: chatting about this in the DM here. I'm super familiar with Compass,
Arman Advani: Their entire tech stack, their kind of market position, their competitors, more than happy to, kind of.
Arman Advani: Co-host that meeting with you, and see what we can do there.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: That'd be awesome, thank you.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, guys, and that's what we're here to do. If you guys have, like, a client like that, a really big one, that's what this community is for, is for us to help you guys take down those whales.
Manick Bhan: close those big deals, and not be limited by any capability, because we work with these enterprise brands all day, and we know what they need, and we know how to get past certain restrictions. So, some of them say, look, I'll give you access to this, but not to that.
Manick Bhan: We can help you guys make the case better for… for just how to get access to the keys, because once you get the keys.
Manick Bhan: I'm telling you, you'll be able to see how easy it is to build a unified story for them, and create that dashboard, and run it, and host it, and…
Manick Bhan: Pretty much make yourself indispensable to the rest of their business, you know?
Kav: So…
Manick Bhan: Kev, go ahead.
Kav: Yeah, so one of the things that we're finding is the best, like, acquisition, like, conversion metric that we're able to deploy to some of the decision makers is to redistribute marketing funds, because they have a budget.
Kav: And if there was a dashboard that we were able to say, because we do it all manually right now within Search Atlas, which is looking at
Kav: paid, like, PPC, like, paid keywords that they're not ranking for organically, and how much money is being spent on for them to be in the sponsored section versus not having any of that effort being distributed organically, and just saying, like, hey.
Kav: you need to be able to take up multiple real estate in that top page. You're basically on the bottom organically. Those being so far apart is the fastest way to convince people, because it's easily able to be represented, especially in the non-technical.
Kav: founder roles, like dentists and plumbers, where we sit. That's the easiest metric to show them of, like, you're spending a marketing agency money to do paid, but nothing organically. Those being so far apart, if there's a way for us to actually have that.
Kav: As a way to deploy it quickly, those decisions are so much faster for acquisition.
Manick Bhan: For sure. For sure. And I love what you said there, because you don't even need to have all channels. Like, maybe you don't have the CRM. That's okay. Take all the data you got, and just from that, you can…
Manick Bhan: show them something of value, and then they will themselves say, hey, can you bring my lead data in this? Hey, can you bring my call tracking numbers into this? And they will be the ones to ask you to do the integration for the additional data.
Manick Bhan: And then you're locked in at that point. So, love that, Cav. Basically, looking at PPC, talking about PPC to the organic channel, thread the needle between the two, and build the case, build the story there.
Manick Bhan: Really?
Kav: a lot of time on dashboard and reports. Would it be beneficial to be able to just look at it and go, like, they're able to chat with the data and have a conversation and say, like, these are the questions they have, and then now being able to deploy information to them instead of, like, spending so much time on the dashboard and reporting part?
Manick Bhan: So, for sure, yeah. We have… in ours, we do have the ability to chat, where they can chat and ask questions, and…
Manick Bhan: use the chat to figure out whatever they want to know. The thing about that, you just have to be careful.
Manick Bhan: Because the more you… the more you open up and you share to them.
Manick Bhan: the more that they can grow behind the charts and get other information. Some of our enterprise clients don't even want their teams to be able to do that.
Manick Bhan: Because they just don't want someone to ask the wrong question, but yes, you can definitely do it. Once all the data is there, you can put the data into an agent and have the agent
Manick Bhan: Variable to answer any question you want.
Kav: Do you feel like it's better used internally for our team to have, like, the BI ecosystem to learn, and then just deploy what we feel is relevant for the client?
Manick Bhan: I would say so.
Manick Bhan: Okay, cool. Thank you. I wouldn't give them that right away, I would give them that later.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: Awesome.
Manick Bhan: So… practice.
Manick Bhan: So, once we… we…
Manick Bhan: Once we complete Phase 4, then we're gonna open up Phase 5, ads and PPC. So this is gonna be all the paid media stuff. This will encompass every paid media channel. So this is gonna be Facebook ads and TikTok.
Manick Bhan: Running the creative, running the… The ad creative into those channels.
Manick Bhan: And creating a self-learning loop that optimizes the campaigns, turns off the stuff that's not good, turns on the stuff that is.
Manick Bhan: We'll also obviously include Google Ads in this, YouTube, and any other channels you guys want to include, we can include.
Manick Bhan: As a part of that phase.
Manick Bhan: And then Phase 6,
Manick Bhan: is gonna be perpetual agents. So, where we're going is running a system that runs, and never…
Manick Bhan: never stops. It's just running on your machine all the time, in the cloud as well as on your computer.
Manick Bhan: That is the big theme of this year. That's where Agentic Marketing Technology is moving, is into an always-on agent that, even while we're asleep.
Manick Bhan: Even while we're in a meeting, is making analysis, making decisions, and just reporting back to us.
Manick Bhan: That's gonna be a unification of all channels. So…
Manick Bhan: You'll be able to say, hey, we got a new client.
Manick Bhan: Let's set them up, go analyze their competitors, let's build the site, let's run the ads, let's do everything, and it builds everything out, and then gives it to us to review.
Manick Bhan: It's also gonna look like, hey.
Manick Bhan: these clients are running in production, they've got a bunch of ads, they've got SEO campaigns.
Manick Bhan: let's every day optimize. Let's improve. And it's a system that's always going to be improving and working, even while we're sleeping.
Manick Bhan: That is really the ultimate goal of where we're going, is we're gonna build up to that.
Manick Bhan: To get to a point where you guys would feel confident running your own perpetual agent requires that we dial it in.
Manick Bhan: Last thing you want to do is get a perpetual agent running that's making the wrong choices, and so that's why this comes last, alright? When we do our last intensive this year, the… that intensive is going to be very focused on that level of automation, but we're going to build up to it, okay? So, the first intensive is going to be focused on
Manick Bhan: On the fulfillment, And the automation around fulfillment?
Manick Bhan: The second intensive is gonna be…
Manick Bhan: More focused on sales and reporting. And then the last intensive this year is going to be on perpetual agents.
Manick Bhan: Okay?
Manick Bhan: Does that sound good?
Manick Bhan: Excited? You're into it?
Manick Bhan: Sweet.
Manick Bhan: Great. So, I just put… put the site up, it's called amm-syllabus.labs.searchatlus.com. I put a link to it in the chat.
Manick Bhan: the, SSS… SSL…
Manick Bhan: Certificate is being provisioned right now, so it'll… it'll automatically solve itself, but you guys will be able to see and refer to our syllabus. This will be updated as we go, with more information about the syllabus, and the events, and the timing of everything, so just keep that bookmark for yourself. I'll also put it in the
Manick Bhan: kickoff meeting agenda as well, you guys will have this. All right?
Manick Bhan: Any questions on the syllabus?
Manick Bhan: Anything that you guys were hoping we were going to cover that's not in the syllabus.
Manick Bhan: If there's stuff y'all want us to talk about or get into, maybe an open call session, we can do that. I'm happy to talk about anything and everything.
Manick Bhan: And tell you guys what our opinion is of any technology that's coming out. I will say with OpenClaw in particular, overhyped. A lot of people are really excited about it. I think it's an interesting technology. The guy that actually built it is a friend of one of my very good friends. He's actually running all of the OpenClaw meetups throughout the world.
Manick Bhan: if you guys want to go to one, let me know. I can snag you guys a VIP ticket to go to it, if you're that interested in it. I will say, though, that I don't see that being the dominant
Manick Bhan: Interface for how we orchestrate agents.
Manick Bhan: For the simple reason that, number one, it's brittle, and breaks…
Manick Bhan: All the time. Two, very, very hard to set up. You… the setup process is quite a bear. To get it configured to everything properly, it takes really a long time. And then third, there's a lot of security concerns about that.
Manick Bhan: about OpenClaw that are significant, and and that, I expect this year you're gonna see a lot of people look into that. We don't use it, we actually have our own, called AI Mission Control, and that is our own version, and I can show you guys what that looks like on my computer as well in just a second.
Manick Bhan: But is there anything.
Bryan Fikes: automated.
Manick Bhan: in the si… Yeah, go ahead, Brian. And it's Monarch, by the way, yes.
Bryan Fikes: I'm sorry, Monica, yeah, sorry about that, man. Ai voice, if we can dive in, I think for those of us who deal with service, the service industry, roofers, HVAC, and so on, I've seen a huge benefit in…
Bryan Fikes: integrating AI agents to handle picking up the phone faster, because that is a huge signal for LSA, local service ads, and if we can
Bryan Fikes: get into maybe layers of how… where that could be integrated with everything we're doing here. I think that's… while some people, you know, a lot of the,
Bryan Fikes: customers that I have in that space are like, well, I don't think my customer wants to talk to a bot. It's like, you don't understand, everyone's starting to do it on a regular basis. This is exactly, like, where Zoom was before COVID. You know, some… the professionals used it, but not a lot, and then obviously COVID came, and now it's, like, a household name. I think AI Voices
Bryan Fikes: And lead nurturing and customer service is going to be huge for us to be able to understand how to integrate it in the marketing piece.
Manick Bhan: We'll definitely work that in. I'll get that… we'll probably bake that into…
Manick Bhan: Somewhere… somewhere around here.
Manick Bhan: either we'll do it after prospecting and sales, before reporting, we'll work it in for sure. I think that's a good idea. And we'll also include the CRM. So, I'm not sure what CRMs you guys are using. Maybe you guys are on High Level, or HubSpot, or maybe some of you guys have Salesforce.
Manick Bhan: Doesn't really matter, whichever one you're on, we'll be able to work with it, and we can talk about how we're using… we use HubSpot, actually, and how we're using HubSpot to nurture our leads. We've got over 100,000 people in HubSpot at this point, and…
Manick Bhan: A ton of data there, and also a ton of opportunity to engage them, both for your agency, as well as for our customers, the end customer.
Manick Bhan: Anything else that you guys feel like we didn't cover in the syllabus that you want?
Manick Bhan: Speak now, or hold your peace until the next one.
Manick Bhan: Okay, good.
Bryan Fikes: Chronic.
Manick Bhan: Go ahead, Brent.
Bryan Fikes: I got that right now, I'm sorry, this could be right in the brain. The weekly's on Thursday, just so I have an understanding. I was talking to Matt, again, I know I've said it, I know it's my golf thing, whatever superficial crap, but, are there… there's more, like, check-ins, these aren't necessarily workshop times on the Thursday. Can you just kind of give me, again, just so I can…
Bryan Fikes: plan what my summer's gonna look like, and my Thursdays moving forward.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, Justin and Matt, what's… what's the architecture that we have planned around that?
Justin Rondeau: Yeah, for those in particular, they're more of really a check-in, kind of… so, how we are looking at kind of, like, the monthly calls and the monthly meetings, it's really to kind of be working through these phases, and we have, like, the overarching, like, in-person calls and those types of things as well, but the weekly calls are more of, like, a check-in. They're a good time where if you need, like, scheduled time.
Justin Rondeau: Like, time that's already kind of, like, set aside from our team to be able to work through some stuff.
Justin Rondeau: with y'all, like, that's what they're for, that they're gonna call back to the work and things that we had talked about, like, on today's call, or on the next, like, monthly. Like, so, if you're scheduling your time out for things, make sure for… to be there for the monthly ones.
Justin Rondeau: Because that'll be one of the newer concepts, the deeper dive that… the deeper dives that come into play there. And then utilize those, Thursdays, or just, like, the group if you're not work… like, if you're golfing, just, like, drop stuff in the group and we'll answer it. Like, between those. That's just some scheduled time that exists there.
Manick Bhan: It's gonna be more, like, tactical, I need help with this, I'm stuck on that, I can't get this to work, that kind of thing. Team will help you work through it.
Manick Bhan: Okay?
Manick Bhan: And we'll also adapt. I'm also curious, I don't know…
Manick Bhan: how technical your teams are, I don't know where your teams are gonna get stuck, or where you yourselves are gonna get stuck. And so part of this is gonna be adapting to
Manick Bhan: the group, and what the group's needs are, and so we'll be paying attention to see, on those Thursday calls.
Manick Bhan: what are the themes of what you guys are needing help with? And we'll kind of evolve from there as we need to. We'll probably also be creating some curriculum.
Manick Bhan: For this, so that as you guys have team members, and you need to train them on these calls, and like what we did, you'll be able to just pass them the training, and they will be able to self… self-train, self-learn.
Manick Bhan: And we'll… we'll take care of that. We'll… we'll build the backbone for that, so you guys can just pass that to your team, or just give it to them.
Manick Bhan: Cool.
Bryan Fikes: I do… for your, for Justin and the sales team and everyone, it sounds like, I know Rick is kind of going down the pipeline of, hey guys, this is a monster, I have to whale. I worked with Nordyne and Nortec. They're Frigidaire, Maytag Bro, Newtone, Westinghouse, they're the manufacturer. I had all 15,000 HVAC, independents, that they were underneath them. I'm the one that introduced them to citations. We actually did it manually before
Bryan Fikes: for…
Bryan Fikes: you know, I won't say the one word that I hate, Yext. So before they all came around,
Bryan Fikes: sounds like I don't necessarily want to get back into doing that with, you know, ASC with auto repair and stuff like that, but if I do, when I start shaking the tree and people know that I'm back into this,
Bryan Fikes: I feel more of there's a collab in here, you know, obviously I can find one or two other individuals in here that may or may not want to take that on. I do want to be clear, I do not want to be back in that space where I'm traveling like that, but I know that once they start hearing what I'm doing, I just want to make sure I have an outlet to, like, at least, you know, put them in the right direction, so…
Manick Bhan: Yeah, I'm sure if, based on what we've taught you guys here, if you feel like you can't take it on, I'm sure there's another agency or a few in here who'd be glad to help you partner up on that side of it, and help you take the lead flow and give them a good experience on the fulfillment side.
Manick Bhan: But I'm sure you guys will figure that out on your own, just as we naturally work through this.
Manick Bhan: Okay.
Manick Bhan: Now, anything else before we dive into the actual Practical.
Manick Bhan: get… get some of the work done today that we… we signed up for?
Manick Bhan: Any last questions?
Manick Bhan: Okay, cool. So I'm just gonna quickly check the…
Manick Bhan: spreadsheet here, so Bonsai Marketing Company, cool. We got you in here. Rick, Perfect. Clayton.
Manick Bhan: Okay, cool.
Manick Bhan: Now, I may have to add a couple more long-tail keywords.
Manick Bhan: Clayton, I would suggest add some local keywords as well.
Manick Bhan: Michael, still waiting on yours?
Manick Bhan: Jonathan… Okay, just so filling yours out, that's fine.
Manick Bhan: Axiom.
Manick Bhan: Okay, nice. I like these. These are very long tail and specific. I think this will really be good.
Manick Bhan: I'll also review these, and I'll probably have some feedback as I go through them. I'll let you guys know once I review yours, I'll probably modify them and process them on my side before they're actually flighted as campaigns for you guys.
Manick Bhan: now, What this is gonna do…
Manick Bhan: Is… you guys will just see, over the course of the next 30 days, you'll just start to see, like, a lift.
Manick Bhan: You'll see a lift in your search console, you'll see a lift probably in your rankings as well. This is just my way of giving you guys a little bit of an advantage, giving you guys a little rocket booster on the back of your ship to get you moving faster, alright?
Manick Bhan: And as these campaigns are running, as things are changing with your business, we may recalibrate them in a month from now, but you guys will just see that
Manick Bhan: This is just gonna give you guys a little bit of a boost and a help.
Manick Bhan: Any questions on this before we shift into the practical?
Bryan Fikes: Just put one in chat. I'll… I can wait for a nurse by response.
Bryan Fikes: So we can keep moving along.
Manick Bhan: Okay.
Manick Bhan: Well, let's take it. So, your question was, if I wanted to…
Bryan Fikes: So, I'm… yeah, I'm in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Bryan Fikes: So, you know, in this exercise of what you're saying for the boost, you know, if I went after Santa Rosa, Santa Rosa's $438,000, the county's 700-something, we're a teardrop away, we're two counties away from San Francisco. Again, not wanting to necessarily compete right now at the San Francisco level and have to drive down there on a regular basis.
Bryan Fikes: If you were in this exercise looking to say, like, Austin, I get it, because it's kind of like, okay, this big cluster that's up there, Dallas, big cluster, Miami, big cluster, you know, I'm Santa Rosa, but my smaller cluster, and I know if I just concentrated on just Santa Rosa, I would be able to, in a couple of months, you know.
Bryan Fikes: dominate my own area. I just love where we're going with the extra boost. You know, I just… I feel like I probably should be thinking a little bit bigger in terms of this exercise, but as we're kind of navigating what we're all individually building, you know, I'm sure there may be other people in that same thing. I think I even saw someone near Treasure Island if he's in Las Vegas, so…
Bryan Fikes: Talk to me about, you know, major DMA to… Satellite.
Manick Bhan: So, if you were to start with just San Francisco Bay Area, that's a big geo.
Manick Bhan: You can do that, but what will work better is if you create the associations for all of the sub-GOs as well, and what that's going to require is that your site needs to have those location service pages on it. So.
Manick Bhan: That is actually not as big of a list as you might think. All you have to do is say in your Search Atlas MCP, or in Brain.
Manick Bhan: Create a local service page for XYZ Geo, Santa Rosa, or maybe it's Oakland, or maybe it's Menlo Park, or Palo Alto, or Sausalito, or all of them, and just say, create the page for that
Manick Bhan: Sub-Go, plus my service.
Manick Bhan: just give it to it, and let it process it for you. It'll build the pages on your website, create those pages, and then add those keywords into the spreadsheet, and we will target those pages with those keywords.
Manick Bhan: And now, those pages will start to get more traffic, they'll get ranking better, and the overall site will rank better. The more localized traffic you can get, and kind of build up from the base up to the big geo, the better.
Bryan Fikes: So, my Bonsai marketing company…
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, my Bonsai marketing company is one that I have a developer, it takes me a little bit, you know, I'm… I can build 90% of it, but there's that 10%. With Website Studio, I can do it super fast, and I'm obsessive. If I get on it, I'll, like, I'll work 20 hours straight and just go for it. That's what Bonsai…
Bryan Fikes: X.ai is, it sounds to me like I should just merge everything down into Website Studio, from what you're saying. Yeah. Forget, kind of, the self-branded stuff that I was doing on Bonsai Marketing. There's all kinds of funny little AI videos and stuff, you know, just to get the conversation going. But it sounds like I should… I should
Bryan Fikes: basically bring all that back in, and then redesign it on Website Studio and launch that way? Is that what I'm hearing?
Manick Bhan: Yeah, 100%. That's the way that you should do it, and what I would do is, once the Web Studio site becomes more built out, eventually you might just take Bonsai Marketing Company and redirect it to the BonsaiX.
Manick Bhan: Okay. Once you're there.
Manick Bhan: Cool.
Manick Bhan: All right, guys, so we're clear on this. I will… at the end of our meeting today, I will go through this, and by then, hopefully you guys will have filled it out. If anyone has any questions, just, like, let… let me know.
Manick Bhan: We are gonna be using a…
Manick Bhan: Let me see, where is our…
Manick Bhan: there's a Slack link right here. Okay, so…
Manick Bhan: I think what'll help our communications if we use the Slack channel.
Manick Bhan: I'm gonna drop.
Fidan Alizada: Manip?
Manick Bhan: Yeah, if you don'.
Fidan Alizada: Something very quick. Is that possible if we actually use Circle instead of Slack?
Fidan Alizada: I am saying this as a… following the guidance from Sophia, as also, you know, since we totally moved to the Circle, and we already created the Circle community, like a chat, private chat for all the Mastermind attendees, I think maybe we can keep the circle.
Manick Bhan: That's… yeah, that's better. Does everyone have access to that Circle group right now?
Fidan Alizada: Yes, they're all there, I'm gonna drop the link again, but they have been all joined the circle already.
Manick Bhan: Alright, perfect. So if you guys are already in circle, let's do this there.
Manick Bhan: Any questions you guys have, just post them there. Any issues you have, we'll solve them there as well, okay?
Manick Bhan: Alright, perfect. Alright, so let's… let's get into the actual work now. So…
Manick Bhan: what I want you guys to do, Is to fire up your… Your terminal on your computer.
Manick Bhan: I will…
Manick Bhan: create a new one here that… that I will use to show you guys what I'm… what I'm doing.
Manick Bhan: and… Cool.
Manick Bhan: So let's see, the way that I do this, you should be able to see me and the terminal.
Manick Bhan: Can you guys see me and my terminal shell here?
Justin Rondeau: You look like one of those fancy Twitch streamers.
Manick Bhan: I'm gonna… I'm gonna break out my, my first-person shooter moves now.
Manick Bhan: So… so guys, I am… I'm in my terminal shell, I'm in warp right now, and what I like to do is…
Manick Bhan: I'll just tell you, like, explosively, what I do is I have this folder
Manick Bhan: That is, I call it MB-MGMT, Monic Management.
Manick Bhan: This is where my home base lives for all of my credentials, all of my keys, all of my communication. You'll see I've got Slack in here, a folder dedicated to Slack.
Manick Bhan: this tells…
Manick Bhan: This is where I get to put all my instructions for how I want my agent to work with Slack.
Manick Bhan: Okay? Slack, I have certain rules about how I want to work with Slack, and the type of functionality that I want around it, but all of that is in a folder inside here. There's also a file that I will not open that is called .env.
Manick Bhan: Does anyone know what that .env file is meant for?
Manick Bhan: Go ahead, Andy.
Manick Bhan: You're muted.
Andy Zelt: API keys and stuff, passwords.
Manick Bhan: Exactly.
Manick Bhan: So, you always want to put your API keys and passwords in that .env file.
Manick Bhan: One, because it's actually secure to do it this way. It's better than putting it in some other piece of code, or in a README file.
Manick Bhan: Putting in the .env file is also where the agents expect the credentials to be.
Manick Bhan: So, whenever the agent's running anything, it's gonna go into the .env file and just go and get the API key that it needs to connect to Slack, or ClickUp, or whatever it might be.
Manick Bhan: What do you guys use for your team communication? Are you guys using ClickUp? Are you guys using Slack? Are you using something else? Just go off mute, just shout it out.
Manick Bhan: Curious.
Justin Day: Click up.
Andy Zelt: Teams.
Manick Bhan: Sweet.
Justin Rondeau: Andy, was that you with Teams?
Andy Zelt: Yeah.
Justin Rondeau: Okay, I figured. Okay.
Andy Zelt: Alright.
Manick Bhan: What about the rest of you guys? Rick, Michael?
Manick Bhan: John.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Slack.
Manick Bhan: Todd?
todd: Yep, Slack, as well.
Manick Bhan: Slack? Okay.
Manick Bhan: There's a lot of ways to skin this cat. We use…
Manick Bhan: Slack for some stuff, for, like, our community, for our partners.
Manick Bhan: We use ClickUp internally for…
Manick Bhan: The chat, it doesn't really matter what you guys use, all of it is fine.
Manick Bhan: What you guys will want to do is to go get your API key from Slack, or ClickUp, or Teams, or Monday, and ask it to Cloud Code as the agent, and say, save this in my .env file. So, let's just go really quick, I'll show you.
Manick Bhan: Tell me what applications
Manick Bhan: I have connection to in my .env file. Do not list out the API keys, just explain what's there.
Manick Bhan: Okay.
Manick Bhan: So I'll show you guys what we're using, but what you guys will want to do is anything that you're working with.
Manick Bhan: Needs to be in there.
Manick Bhan: And so, here you guys can see, I've got a bunch.
Manick Bhan: I've got my repos for GitLab, I've got ClickUp for my team, I've got Linear, which is our issue tracking system. Hubstaff, that's what we use for team member tracking. I've got Cloudflare connected so I can provision domains. I've got North Flank, which is what we use for Infra, and some other stuff.
Manick Bhan: Okay? You guys will slowly build this out.
Manick Bhan: Depending on you, depending on your agency and your team.
Manick Bhan: Over time, you'll keep adding stuff to it.
Manick Bhan: And as it grows, I'll also show you guys how to manage it better, because you're gonna be working across different folders, different repos, and you'll want your Cloud to be able to find your
Manick Bhan: keys, no matter where it is. So…
Manick Bhan: There are two different plot files.
Manick Bhan: Explain… the global CloudMD file versus the CloudMD file within this repo.
Manick Bhan: the global claud?
Manick Bhan: as the one that it doesn't matter where I am on my computer, but all the instructions that I put into that global file.
Manick Bhan: will be used no matter where I am, on my computer, on my desktop.
Manick Bhan: And then the one that's inside Monik MGMT is really specific for any task that I'm running related to managing my team.
Manick Bhan: So, all the instructions for The type of messages, how to send a message,
Manick Bhan: how I manage my Slack, I get so many messages in Slack that I don't even need to read. How I manage my account for how I read those, all that goes into this folder, and everything that's related to how I like to code, and where my rules are, and where my credentials are, all that goes in the global.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys have a global clot file set up on your computer?
Manick Bhan: Oh, yep.
Manick Bhan: Penny?
Manick Bhan: Okay.
Manick Bhan: Cool. So… you just have to tell Clock Hotel, tell it, in my global file, list…
Manick Bhan: the way I would do it is I would say, yeah.
Manick Bhan: reference my MGMT folder for my credentials.
Manick Bhan: So that you're not gonna put your credentials in the global namespace, you're just gonna tell the global where to find the credentials, so that anytime it needs to find the credentials that you're using, it knows where to find them. It doesn't have to guess.
Manick Bhan: Right? Very simple, just give the instruction.
Manick Bhan: Now, Tell me about the tools inside the Search Atlas MCP.
Manick Bhan: Oops.
Manick Bhan: MCP.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys got the Search Atlas MCP connected into your quad code?
Manick Bhan: Most of you guys should have this already done.
Manick Bhan: So there's 118 tools.
Manick Bhan: inside it. I want you guys to open up your quad code, and just give it this command.
Manick Bhan: And can you guys all confirm that what it gives you back is something that looks like this?
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: What are we asking it?
Manick Bhan: You want to ask it, Tell me about the tools inside the Search Atlas MCP.
Manick Bhan: Anything like that.
Manick Bhan: And just confirmed, so give me a thumbs up.
Manick Bhan: If you end up with something that looks kind of like this.
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, money, for whatever reason, it looks like I got an error.
Jonathan Giner: It says, yeah, it says… Bash, tell, okay, not phoned.
Manick Bhan: Okay. So, first thing you have to do is open Claude. So, just, type in Claude.
Manick Bhan: Straight up. And then put that command inside.
Manick Bhan: Now, we are working on our own version of Claude Code, okay?
Manick Bhan: We will be giving you guys a version of… it's called Search Atlas Command.
Manick Bhan: And it is basically like a drop-in replacement for Cloud Code.
Manick Bhan: And…
Manick Bhan: The cool thing about it is that you're not gonna hit limits, you're gonna get a lot of account tokens and credits, and you'll be able to share that with your team.
Manick Bhan: So that your team doesn't all need to have their own account, they can just use your one account, and depending on what you want to do, it's gonna route whatever LLM,
Manick Bhan: Needs to be used for that particular task, you're not gonna get blocked.
Manick Bhan: So, when you guys get an output, just pop it in the chat.
Manick Bhan: Todd, you got it?
Justin Rondeau: Wanna… Brian has a good question. They use 1.3K tokens, is that a normal rate, or should he be using a different, different model?
Manick Bhan: When it comes to token munching.
Manick Bhan: I wouldn't worry about it too much.
Manick Bhan: It's normal, because reading the MCP and all the MCP definitions, there's a lot In there?
Manick Bhan: So it's not uncommon. There is a way to reduce it, and I'll show you guys, but we'll get there.
Manick Bhan: basically, instead of using the MCP, you'll use the CLI.
Manick Bhan: which will no longer require connecting to the MCP, it's gonna connect to the CLI instead. But for today, this is the easy way.
Manick Bhan: So, Rick, you got… you got the response back, that looks good. Todd, you said you got it too?
Manick Bhan: Nico, thank you for posting that.
Manick Bhan: That's what you guys should be typing into. It should look something like that screenshot there.
Manick Bhan: Give you guys, like, another minute or so.
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, so when I put OpenCloud, it actually opens a Cloud file on my… on my computer.
Jonathan Giner: That's what it's doing. So it op… like, the files literally open up, and then,
Jonathan Giner: So I just X'd out of them, and then I put, yeah, tell me about the tools, but yeah, I still get that command, and I found the error.
Manick Bhan: Don't type open Claude, just type in Claude. Actually, the command Nico gave you is the correct one, it's dangerously skip permissions.
Jonathan Giner: Nico taught me about that one already.
Jonathan Giner: Let's do that one.
Justin Rondeau: I didn't…
Manick Bhan: Once you've done.
Justin Rondeau: that once, when you go into Terminal again, you can just hit up on your keypad, and it'll just grab… it'll grab from your more recent ones, and it'll just pop it in for you, so then you don't have to think about it.
Manick Bhan: Now, if you… if you want to make life a bit easier for yourselves,
Manick Bhan: instead of having to type that whole thing out, what you can also do is what I do, which is quad-smart.
Manick Bhan: I've built my own alias. On my computer. I use about 10 Clawed 20X plants.
Manick Bhan: It's a lot.
Manick Bhan: Cost me two grand a month.
Manick Bhan: because I'm constantly running compute on my machining.
Manick Bhan: And I would burn through, like, one Claw 20X plan in about 2 days.
Manick Bhan: So, I can't just use one, and so I had to build my own infrastructure around routing from pod 1 to 2 to 3 to 4 to 5 to 10, so that it distributes all of my usage across 10 accounts.
Manick Bhan: So, if you guys want help with that, I can tell you guys how I did it. If anyone gets to that point, as we're doing this together, I will share with you guys how I did that.
Manick Bhan: But, I'm just trying to keep the…
Manick Bhan: Trying to meet you guys at the first level, and as you guys get to that level, which we will.
Manick Bhan: We'll… we'll get there.
Manick Bhan: Justin got it.
Manick Bhan: Sweet. Jonathan, you got it too. Beautiful, that's exactly what it should look like.
Manick Bhan: Good?
Manick Bhan: Brian. It opened 310 operations across 59 tools.
Manick Bhan: Maybe you take a screenshot, let us see what you're looking at, so we can better guide you.
Manick Bhan: Okay.
Manick Bhan: You're gonna open it on the Mac Studio. Okay, cool.
Manick Bhan: So… The next step Is to give a command that's kind of like this.
Manick Bhan: Versa, let me show you the output of what I got.
Manick Bhan: And then I'll show you the prompt that I used to get it.
Manick Bhan: And… This is, like, our first simple mission for today.
Manick Bhan: is to build a dashboard of all of our data inside the Search Atlas platform.
Manick Bhan: So… This is what I built.
Manick Bhan: It is a… kind of a Mission Control account overview of my Search Atlas account, and it shows me all my auto SEO projects, all my GBP local SEO projects, my Google Ads accounts, and more.
Manick Bhan: And I can toggle between these tabs and see all the data in my account.
Manick Bhan: So, the way that I did that was I just simply told it this. The easiest, easiest, easiest command
Manick Bhan: The trees…
Manick Bhan: all of my auto projects, GBP projects, and Google Ad accounts, and present it as a single HTML file, summarizing them.
Manick Bhan: Pop that bad boy in to your Cloud Code terminal.
Manick Bhan: And… let it cook.
Manick Bhan: And let me know when you guys are cooking.
Manick Bhan: It's gonna take about… Probably about 3 to 5 minutes.
Manick Bhan: to cook.
Manick Bhan: What that command is gonna do, it's gonna use the search Atlas MCP.
Manick Bhan: It's gonna connect to your account.
Manick Bhan: It's gonna go and download all the data.
Manick Bhan: about those projects from the APIs, and it's gonna save that into a local file system on your computer, in the directory you're in.
Manick Bhan: and then create this HTML file on your local machine.
Manick Bhan: You can see that mine is in… mb-mgmt slash reports slash searchatlasportfolio.html.
Manick Bhan: And it gave me this dashboard.
Manick Bhan: Brian, looks like you got the tools.
Manick Bhan: That's good.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys have given that command and are cooking?
Manick Bhan: Just come off mute. There's not… there's not too many of us here, we can all hear each other.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Everything's working.
Bryan Fikes: I could use the, code again. Sorry, I was trying to get into the other side.
Jonathan Giner: It's in the chat.
Bryan Fikes: Thanks.
Jonathan Giner: Mine's, mine's still cooking.
Manick Bhan: Good.
Manick Bhan: Very simple command.
Manick Bhan: And look at how, here, I'm thinking across the whole platform. I'm giving it a very complex command.
Manick Bhan: And there's something else that I did on my cloud code that is making it work faster.
Manick Bhan: than how most people clog… most people's cloud code is set up.
Manick Bhan: And I said, I'm using… I'm using Ruffalo Swarms.
Manick Bhan: This, guys, is super, super powerful.
Manick Bhan: And I'm gonna give you guys a link to it in the GitHub.
Manick Bhan: And the command you would use to install it is simply… install this… GitHub repo?
Manick Bhan: And… Configure my quad?
Manick Bhan: md file to always use Rooflo swarms.
Manick Bhan: And then you give it the GitHub link.
Manick Bhan: So that command, I've given you guys as well.
Manick Bhan: You can just copy that and pop that into your… open up a new terminal window.
Manick Bhan: If you guys are using Warp, and you're on a Mac, my hotkey is Command-Control-D,
Manick Bhan: And it opens up a new window.
Manick Bhan: within my… Warp Terminal.
Manick Bhan: And let me add another instruction here as well.
Manick Bhan: in my search analyst portfolio.html file, I want to also add all my Report Builder projects.
Manick Bhan: in a new tab. Then I want to analyze which report builder projects are trending up, which ones are flat, which ones are trending down.
Manick Bhan: also make it clear for which projects we have auto-installed, which ones have a GBP connected, and which ones do not.
Manick Bhan: I've given it that command as well.
Manick Bhan: Rick, nicely done. You got your first… First person.
Manick Bhan: Love to see that. So you got your 16 autos, 13 GBPs, and 1 Google Ad account. Well done.
Manick Bhan: And you get a nice summary that shows you How much you've deployed.
Manick Bhan: So…
Manick Bhan: one of the useful things about that is you get to see for some of these sites, that you haven't yet deployed as much as you could have, right? So it's a nice way
Manick Bhan: In the cockpit view that we're creating for ourselves as the leaders of our teams.
Manick Bhan: To be able to see what our teams are doing.
Manick Bhan: Alright?
Manick Bhan: Now, let me show you a fun thing that we get to do next, is to say… take the…
Manick Bhan: Top 10 auto projects that have not Had fixes deployed.
Manick Bhan: where auto's installed correctly.
Manick Bhan: And I want you to draft a message that I can send my team in ClickUp, to…
Manick Bhan: Let them know that they need to work on those projects.
Manick Bhan: Send a message, and click up to the… Agentic Marketing Mastermind, ClickUp Channel.
Manick Bhan: Boom.
Manick Bhan: Now…
Manick Bhan: Did you guys… am I a man of my word? Did I tell you that I don't use the ClickUp UI?
Manick Bhan: I try to avoid it, right?
Manick Bhan: here.
Manick Bhan: what do we just do? I just summarized my data in my account, understanding what data is there, what's the status of these projects.
Manick Bhan: I've identified an issue, and now I'm telling my team about it.
Manick Bhan: Very streamlined, very fast.
Jonathan Duque: Heyman, you might want to move your preview to the right.
Jonathan Duque: Because we're not seeing it called Soldier on the scene.
Jonathan Duque: You've been here.
Manick Bhan: Is that better?
Jonathan Duque: Yep.
Manick Bhan: Cool.
Manick Bhan: Justin, you got yours?
Justin Day: Yeah, it looks like it returned some server errors.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, so we just added rate limits. When we added the MCP, It actually destabilized the system.
Manick Bhan: Because people were sending thousands of queries to the MCP,
Manick Bhan: And so now we have rate limits, so…
Manick Bhan: What I would do, Justin, is I would give it another command to refetch the auto projects in GDP locations.
Justin Day: Sure.
Manick Bhan: And now, give it another command.
Manick Bhan: Create a daily cron task.
Manick Bhan: That updates this information.
Manick Bhan: every morning at 6 AM Eastern Time.
Manick Bhan: From this as a ruffle swarm.
Manick Bhan: In a secondary process.
Manick Bhan: So now what I'm doing is I'm letting it work on one thing, while also working on something else.
Manick Bhan: So I'm doing two things in parallel.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Quick ignorant question on the Ruffalo Swarm. Is there a… I looked on that, is there a download link, or is that a link we paste into Cloud Code?
Manick Bhan: the link you paste into Cloud Code.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: So we paste… we post the GitHub link into Cloud Code, and then run that command? Okay.
Manick Bhan: Correct.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: I thought we had to download something from there.
Manick Bhan: In general, anything that needs to be downloaded to your computer, you don't actually have to download it manually anymore.
Manick Bhan: It can all just be downloaded magentically for you.
Manick Bhan: So, also get used to that thinking now.
Manick Bhan: Anytime you have a package you want to install, or a repo you want to check out.
Manick Bhan: you don't need to go and download the repo. What I do is I just open up a new window, and I say, create a new folder for this repo, connect it, get it installed, run it.
Manick Bhan: I see a lot of people
Manick Bhan: talking about building agentic agents for agencies, and I'm often curious. I'm like, okay, so let's see what these guys built. And then I have it analyze what they did versus what we have, and see, is there something we're missing? What I've found is that all of it's shit.
Manick Bhan: And… I mean, I'm super busy, and so is my team. Instead of giving them these silly tasks.
Manick Bhan: That's just something that I can cook off and come up with an answer if I'm being really specific with my prompting, and do it without a lot of effort.
Manick Bhan: It's so fast, it's so easy. Think about how many things in a given day we ask our team to do.
Manick Bhan: And think about how many times we don't even have to do that anymore. We just do it ourselves.
Manick Bhan: It's gonna take a bit of getting used to.
Manick Bhan: But you guys are gonna become super powerful.
Manick Bhan: You're gonna be able to use this to check your email?
Manick Bhan: You're gonna be able to use this to check your calendars.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys have an executive assistant?
Manick Bhan: Yep. How many of you guys love your executive assistant?
Manick Bhan: Brian, Brian, you love your EA. Wow.
Manick Bhan: My new EA is a lot better than my old one, but I had a lot of scheduling conflicts in my calendar. I've solved that.
Manick Bhan: with my setup here, with my mb-mgmt directory, I've already explained
Manick Bhan: what I want it to check for, and now every morning at 6 AM, it runs.
Manick Bhan: Checks my calendar, and tells my team of any conflicts.
Manick Bhan: And my EA is now also learning how to use this stuff, too. So he can…
Manick Bhan: also catch these issues and also think about his own things that he wants to verify and check. I don't have to tell him every single time. He can also be creative now and make my life better, agentically.
Manick Bhan: Saves everyone a lot of time.
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys are still cooking?
Jonathan Giner: So mine finished, so once I see the summary, how is it that I actually get to see the dashboard itself? Because I have the data.
Jonathan Giner: But how do I see it visually?
Manick Bhan: So just tell it, open that HTML file.
Jonathan Giner: Souls.
Jonathan Giner: So complex.
Manick Bhan: Exactly. I told you guys this was gonna be fun.
Manick Bhan: So…
Manick Bhan: the gold standard for any kind of reporting or summary… did you guys notice how the syllabus I gave you guys today is not
Manick Bhan: a usual syllabus that's, like, in a Google Doc or a spreadsheet. I gave you guys an HTML file, because I can create a story there, I can make it easier for us to talk through it. It's so much more elegant.
Manick Bhan: Armand… To close a really big, partner.
Justin Rondeau: This was sick.
Manick Bhan: this incredible dash, like, HTML file, which took all of their existing workflows. I mean, it's like a… I think it's like a $1.5 million a year, purse for us.
Manick Bhan: They had all these old workflows, clients that weren't being managed, all this shit, and basically he took their existing file structure of spreadsheets that are just a big mess.
Manick Bhan: And Agentically took that, analyzed it, and built a new dashboard to summarize the opportunity, and gave it back to them.
Manick Bhan: And he did it in, like, 30 minutes.
Manick Bhan: And so, really powerful sales tool, really powerful
Manick Bhan: Way to just get your team aligned.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, I can tell the story.
Arman Advani: I can show you guys that really quickly if you want.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, I think it'd be great.
Arman Advani: Sweet.
Manick Bhan: And also show them the shit spreadsheets that you see.
Arman Advani: Sorry, Bliss. I got you.
Arman Advani: So, this is a spreadsheet that was given to me by a prospect, right? There's a lot going on. So, tab 1 is showing me what are their implementation workflows for onboarding a new customer account. All the different things that they're doing. First, they're doing it in staging, and then they're doing it in prod.
Arman Advani: Then they have their ongoing workflows, using tools like GA4, GAC, Google Business Profile, Scripting Frog.
Arman Advani: Then they gave me a summary of all of the work they actually did throughout the year of 2025. So, starting from January of 2025,
Arman Advani: Going all the way through the end of the year.
Arman Advani: And this is just them tallying the work that they did.
Arman Advani: Now, for a little bit of context, these guys…
Arman Advani: have 16,000 websites that they own and manage on behalf of their customers. Of those 16,000, only about 5,800 of them are active SEO customers, right?
Arman Advani: Of those 5,800 that are paying them for goddamn SEO work, guys, by the end of last year, they were only able to audit and implement fixes on 752 out of 5,800 out of 16,000.
Arman Advani: Right? And this is what they're using to track their workflow, and they sent me this, they're like, hey, help me make a business case of what this would look like if I switched over my whole team to Search Atlas. I said, hold my beer. So I created this static HTML document.
Arman Advani: that outlined
Arman Advani: two scenarios. Essentially, what did they actually do last year, and how many sites did they actually touch?
Arman Advani: How much time did their team spend per month across 13 full-time employees? They spent 3,400 hours per month
Arman Advani: With 13 employees, and we're only able to touch 752 sites.
Arman Advani: And mind you guys, this was the absolute bare minimum that they were doing. Updating alt image text, updating new titles, adding new headers. They weren't actually able to produce new content, or build new backlinks, or do anything that actually moved the needle, aside from maintenance work.
Arman Advani: And then I've, you know, computed a few scenarios, like, if they went with Search Atlas, but still preserved a lot of manual work.
Arman Advani: if they started trusting the AI a little bit more, and not reviewing every single alt image text before it was deployed.
Arman Advani: Or if they went all-in.
Arman Advani: and truly optimize their websites using end-to-end playbooks, right? And then this scenario is if they actually worked on all of their websites. They would need 100 people to do this manually. They would need 15 to do this fully with Search Atlas. And then we just went through and actually
Arman Advani: Walk through all of the different issues
Arman Advani: And here was actually really interesting.
Arman Advani: last year, in August of 2025, they barely did any work, and I was like, what the hell happened? And then I find out that their whole SEO team is based in the Philippines, and in August of 2025, there was a massive typhoon, or whatever, that knocked out power for a whole…
Arman Advani: You know, several months, or several weeks in that month, so they couldn't do anything during that time.
Arman Advani: Right? And then just kind of going through all of these different scenarios of what would happen to your time and your team if you made these changes.
Arman Advani: I broke it down by task, but where the money shop was is actually down here. Let me just scroll through. This is also showing them things that they could now do that they previously don't offer, so expanding their scope of services.
Arman Advani: But this section here, I'm like, well, how much are you guys paying your employees? They're like, oh, about 3 grand a month. I'm like, okay, what if I quoted you $50,000 for Search Atlas?
Arman Advani: A month. And you're currently spending about $5,000 a month on your existing SEO tools.
Arman Advani: How… what would your ROI be? How fast would it take you to be positive? How much would your business change by making this shift?
Arman Advani: Like, they honestly made it so easy for me to build a business case, because they had all of this data.
Arman Advani: And now I was able to visualize it and show this to them in a leadership meeting, where they're all just like, what the actual fuck? Like, why haven't we not done this? Why are we not doing this right now? Where is the contract? How do I get this in motion? What is the training process gonna look like?
Arman Advani: So these types of dashboards, they're great for internal stuff, obviously, but you can create very beautiful client-facing presentations that communicate real value and compute it back to what they're currently spending, as long as you just ask them the right questions about their team structure, their tool bloat, how much they're paying them, you know, these types of basic business inputs.
Arman Advani: You can build these, and as Monique said, it took me about 30 minutes to build the first version of this, and then iterate with them to fine-tune some of their, like, cost parameters.
Arman Advani: Before coming up with, like, a finalized version. So…
Arman Advani: highly recommend using Claude Code for these types of presentations in addition to more intuitive or interactive dashboards. What I made… when I made a mistake.
Arman Advani: was…
Arman Advani: I started by telling Claude, build me an interactive dashboard that does the following. And what did Claude do? It over-engineered the fuck out of that dashboard. It started building, like, Python compilers, and hosting it, and doing all… and Monica's like, bro, you don't need that. Just make it a static HTML file, and it…
Arman Advani: made the whole process that much faster, less tokens, and easier to share. I didn't have to worry about hosting it, or password protecting it, or anything.
Arman Advani: Static HTML is actually amazing, and it still allows you to be able to do things like widgets and interactive modules and all of that stuff without the bloat of a formal, like, web application.
Manick Bhan: Yeah. That was the…
Manick Bhan: That was a game changer, obviously, for this deal, and also just for the entire team, the way that we approach
Manick Bhan: this problem. I think a lot of people just don't know how to prompt Claude and how to ask it for what they're looking for, especially if they're not engineers. So, part of it is I'm trying to give you guys, like, the shortcuts, and to avoid the…
Manick Bhan: Avoid the issues and the mind traps with this stuff that can really get you guys off track.
Manick Bhan: But, what do you guys think?
Manick Bhan: About Arm's dashboard, pretty cool.
Justin Day: I think that's exactly, like, why we're all here, right? I think those business use cases and thinking more creatively on how we can implement this, not just for Search Atlas, but in sales techniques, onboarding, personalized, like, I was playing around with Lovable and the website studio earlier today, and just the more we dive into this and see these use cases, the more creative we can get to be closing deals, and also solving a solution at a much faster rate, so…
Justin Day: It just makes the ROI capabilities and
Justin Day: clarity on that for the clients and for us as a business owner, just even more accessible when it was a pain in the ass, right, with Google Analytics to connect all the dots and make sure you're presenting the right ROI. Now, this allows us to kind of skip ahead and really kind of show that end-to-end, so I'm excited.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, I used it for a sales presentation. I just shared the link. I was like, shh, so I could get on, Edgewood and Lake Tahoe. I just… I just dropped it in there. I figured out real quick, I'm like, wait a minute, I could turn this into a sales tool.
Justin Rondeau: That's great.
Manick Bhan: Exactly, this is awesome.
Manick Bhan: Beautiful, too, and here you did it in Web Studio.
Manick Bhan: You know, what you guys can do is to take those HTML files also, if you have a bunch of data.
Manick Bhan: or information that you want the web studio to incorporate into your website, you can drop it in.
Manick Bhan: as an HTML file in the Web Studio, give it to it, and it will build that into the site for you.
Manick Bhan: You can use the site builder also as a prospecting tool, you know, for sales.
Manick Bhan: Lots of things you can do with it.
Manick Bhan: We'll be integrating
Manick Bhan: Into the platform the ability for you guys to use our infrastructure to host and to build not just sites, but applications.
Manick Bhan: little mini apps that you guys are building. You guys will be able to run that on your own.
Manick Bhan: DNS.
Manick Bhan: So everything is white-labeled, everything is connected to your brand, and, like, super professional.
Manick Bhan: there are hardly any agencies that are doing this right now, and I think in, like, 3 years' time.
Manick Bhan: Everyone will be.
Manick Bhan: So, in the next 3 years.
Manick Bhan: you use these tools, you're way ahead of the competition. They're just waking up to this stuff.
Manick Bhan: A great site there, Brad.
Manick Bhan: So, partnerships with growth.
Bryan Fikes: Yes, I did close a deal, by the way. Free golf and three grand a month. I'm like, come on.
Manick Bhan: Ugh.
Manick Bhan: That's, especially if there are people you want to go golfing with, even better.
Bryan Fikes: Oh, no, this client's awesome.
Manick Bhan: Nice sight.
Manick Bhan: Any questions, guys, on building the dashboard?
Manick Bhan: And connecting to the MCP and getting all that data?
Manick Bhan: So far?
Arman Advani: You know, one other really quick tip, this is also from Monic, like, when I first started using Claude Code.
Arman Advani: you know, I dangerously script permissions, and I'm like, alright, build me this baller thing that I'm trying to do.
Arman Advani: And the first draft is never what I wanted, right? I'm sure you guys can feel that. It's like, shit, I gotta go in there, I gotta review it, I gotta tweak it, it didn't do this, it didn't do that. So what I do now, before I build anything, I just do forward slash planning mode.
Arman Advani: where I just tell Claude, I'm like, let's go into planning mode first. And then I explain to it, using Whisper Flow, or even the native chat, voice detection that Claude has.
Arman Advani: And I over-communicate. I'm like, okay, here's the context of what I'm trying to build. This is where it's going to be used. This is how I expect it to be used. These are the things that I want. This is what's mandatory. This is, like, how I want the filters to work, da-da-da-da.
Arman Advani: And then it works with me, it iterates with me on that plan, Once I've finalized the plan.
Arman Advani: then I go in and say, okay, now clear all the context of this nonsense, and build me this thing, right? And that gets me so much closer to the finish line the first try.
Arman Advani: than the previous version of just letting it, like, build me an MVP without really understanding the intent of what I'm trying to accomplish with the output. So, always, in my opinion, if you're building anything custom or new.
Arman Advani: Start planning mode.
Arman Advani: Iterate on the plan, and then once you're done, clear the contacts and let it build it.
Arman Advani: That one.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, that's a really good, good,
Manick Bhan: tip there, Ramon, and the way you get to the plan mode.
Manick Bhan: There are two ways that you can do it. One is you do Shift-Tab, And you go from…
Manick Bhan: Like, regular code mode to plan mode.
Manick Bhan: Also, if you even just say the word plan.
Manick Bhan: In your instructions, you don't have to do that, you just say, make the plan.
Manick Bhan: And it will review the plan with you.
Manick Bhan: The other thing that I do in my global CloudMD file.
Manick Bhan: is anytime I have a plan, I don't just want Claude.
Manick Bhan: to make the plan. I wanted to review the plan with Gemini and with Codex.
Manick Bhan: And so, there, I'm doing adversarial review with other large language models that have a different brain, a different thinking process, and what happens is.
Manick Bhan: Gemini and Codex always find something. They always elaborate on that plan.
Manick Bhan: And so a lot of times, what I'll see is that the initial plan was, like, 90%, but when you bring in Gemini, and you bring in Codex.
Manick Bhan: You end up with a much better plan for what it's gonna do, and likely.
Manick Bhan: Less bugs, it's gonna end up working out better. And I'll also do it at the very end.
Manick Bhan: Once the code is written, I'll have Gemini and Codex review the code.
Manick Bhan: Go over it one more time and make improvements.
Manick Bhan: So, we're not gonna do a ton of that today, I just want to get us off the ground. That was the goal for today. How many of you guys are excited? How many of you guys feel like you learned something really meaningful today?
Manick Bhan: So far, so good.
Jonathan Giner: Absolutely.
Manick Bhan: Beautiful.
Manick Bhan: Okay.
Manick Bhan: And, okay, so, some tracking. Andy, you got a dashboard.
Manick Bhan: Justin, you got a dashboard?
Justin Day: Yep.
Manick Bhan: Who, who, who here is still cooking, doesn't have their dashboard yet?
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Monica, could you copy in… you were verbally doing your commands, could you copy some of those into the chat for us?
Manick Bhan: Yeah, for sure.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Those were super helpful.
Justin Day: Yeah, any guides or, like, shortcuts… shortcut PDFs that have, like, commands on them that you guys recommend, would be super helpful, just for us to… I'm taking notes and, like, adding this to a Google Doc, but if you guys have best practices, that would be helpful.
Manick Bhan: For sure. What we're gonna do is, we're gonna put these in this GitHub repo for the Agentic Mastermind.
Manick Bhan: And a lot of the workflow stuff
Manick Bhan: Especially when it comes to our team and them being able to use this infrastructure.
Manick Bhan: We're gonna try to create all that here.
Manick Bhan: So that whatever… Whatever kind of best practices we want to have.
Manick Bhan: we'll kind of bake them into the GitHub repo here, and you guys can just run the command, as well, to make it easier.
Manick Bhan: But I'm not gonna put the, you know, the cron command and stuff like that in there, because…
Manick Bhan: it doesn't… I don't know that it generalizes the best. Did any of you guys get to…
Manick Bhan: send a message to your team in ClickUp, Slack, or Teams.
Manick Bhan: Not yet?
Manick Bhan: How many of you guys have your… Clickup or Slack, or team's API key.
Manick Bhan: added into your ENV file to then send the messages. How many of you guys have that part set up so far?
Manick Bhan: If not, that's okay.
Manick Bhan: Does anyone need help?
Justin Rondeau: I'll get any connecting… Brian still hasn't set it up.
Justin Rondeau: Yeah, is anybody stuck?
Justin Rondeau: Or are you just kind of in progress?
Justin Rondeau: Oh, yeah.
Jonathan Giner: I was… I was working on the… I was working on integrating Monday now, but, with the…
Jonathan Giner: the ROFU swarm, the RoFlow Swarm command. So when I try to run it, I get the last
Jonathan Giner: line says bash, and then it gives me the GitHub URL, and then it says no such file directory. Is that normal?
Manick Bhan: Hmm.
Manick Bhan: What was the command you gave it? Did you say install this GitHub repo?
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, I said install Git, GitHub repo and configure my cloud.md file to always use rowfluSwarms.
Manick Bhan: Try giving it the command again.
Jonathan Giner: Okay.
Jonathan Giner: I can put a screenshot in there, too, if you want.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, pop a screenshot, too.
Jonathan Giner: Let me just do it one more time.
Manick Bhan: Now, one thing to know is sometimes with log code, if it's working on something and you give it an instruction, it'll just ignore that instruction.
Manick Bhan: It does happen sometimes. It's not perfect.
Manick Bhan: The other thing to note, is when using, ClickUp, or Slack, or Teams, or whatever it might be.
Manick Bhan: Sometimes… It will send the message to the wrong place.
Manick Bhan: Or sometimes it won't be able to send the message.
Manick Bhan: What you have to do, is you have to tell it
Manick Bhan: You have to give the instruction, and when it fails, You have to kind of… Remind it that
Manick Bhan: Yes, you should be able to do this. It should work.
Manick Bhan: Then it will do it, and it will work, and then, and this part matters, is say, update my quad.md file.
Manick Bhan: with the instructions, For how to avoid this issue next time.
Manick Bhan: So, in the thinking process, sometimes it uses the wrong API endpoint.
Manick Bhan: Sometimes it uses the wrong structure for the API endpoint, so when you tell it.
Manick Bhan: take what you've learned, and integrate it into your CloudMD file, it's gonna remember that next time, it's not gonna make the same mistake.
Manick Bhan: And the next time you send the command, You won't have that issue.
Manick Bhan: So mine sent this message right here.
Manick Bhan: It's sent into the Agendic Marketing Mastermind in ClickUp, auto-fix Deployment Alert, Top 10 Projects Unique Attention, blah blah blah.
Manick Bhan: And I'll even send you guys a screenshot in my ClickUp, so you guys can see.
Manick Bhan: The message was sent.
Manick Bhan: In the chat, you guys can see that screenshot.
Manick Bhan: So, Brian, you asked a good question. Is there anything to worry about with…
Manick Bhan: with basically Claude doing things that you don't want it to do when you give it commands.
Manick Bhan: You definitely have to…
Manick Bhan: be very clear with it, and when you're asking for it to retrieve information, don't say anything about pushing changes to those GBPs, pushing changes to the website. As long as you don't say that, it won't do it.
Manick Bhan: It's gotten pretty good.
Manick Bhan: I've never had an issue where it started to do work.
Manick Bhan: that I didn't want to do, but I'm also prompting it in a very specific way.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, Google business profiles have become a beehive getting verified. I've got, like, 2 nightmarish incidences where the clients move 3 times in a year, and it's like, oh, dude.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Bryan Fikes: I do not encrypted.
Manick Bhan: Every time. Having to re-verify them and change the address sucks.
Bryan Fikes: Are we gonna be pushing any kind of data into the, data farms, from this, potentially in the future? Like, what you guys do with the citations?
Manick Bhan: Yeah, actually, today, we… you guys all got a, $200 Hybrid drive credit added to your account.
Manick Bhan: Justin, do they have to do anything to claim that, or was it already added to their account?
Justin Rondeau: Aye.
Manick Bhan: Or, or Jonathan.
Justin Rondeau: Yet.
Manick Bhan: Jonathan Duquay.
Jonathan Duque: What was it, sorry?
Manick Bhan: the $200 of HyperTruck credits? Those got added to everyone's account, right?
Jonathan Duque: That's right, I don't think I added to Justin's, I don't have your email. Sorry, you can just drop it.
Manick Bhan: Justin Day or Justin Rundeau?
Jonathan Duque: Rhonda.
Jonathan Duque: Have done that already?
Manick Bhan: Don't worry, he's with me. He's with mine.
Jonathan Duque: Okay, cool, cool, cool.
Justin Rondeau: You know, I'm with that.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, JD, they gotta drop my way, too. I'm seeing the same hyperdrive credit volume that I had.
Jonathan Duque: Okay, I'll just double check real quick.
Manick Bhan: So, giving you guys this Hoverdrive credit, so…
Manick Bhan: The next thing that I want to do is to actually build out the entity, right? We talked about 3 different entity profiles, one for your business, one for yourself personally, and one for the third-party site.
Manick Bhan: Let's actually go and build those sites.
Manick Bhan: Through the MCP.
Manick Bhan: So… Let's see, what site should I work on?
Manick Bhan: Now,
Manick Bhan: I'll do this, but the first thing that I want to show you guys here is that this context it has was about building the dashboard.
Manick Bhan: I don't want it. I'm not gonna start here.
Manick Bhan: I'm gonna close it to clear out the context window, and then I'll start again.
Manick Bhan: So that it's clear.
Manick Bhan: And now the instructions that I give it.
Manick Bhan: It's gonna be more likely to follow it and get it right.
Manick Bhan: with fewer issues, because it's not being confused by my previous context. So, always remember, clear the context when you're done with something, close that
Manick Bhan: That process, reopened.
Manick Bhan: Start again.
Manick Bhan: Yep.
Manick Bhan: You just type exit, closes it.
Manick Bhan: And it's up, enter, And you'll be right back in.
Manick Bhan: Alright.
Manick Bhan: Justin, what site should I build?
Manick Bhan: What should I cook up right now?
Manick Bhan: I already have a personal site, Search Atlas has one. We also already have our third-party brand.
Manick Bhan: what's a good one that I could do?
Justin Rondeau: Well, we did… so we have the AI tools one, where I'm wondering if, like, we just, like, would we want to create a different third-party site for different types of, like, offerings? Because, like, that one's primarily, like, AI search.
Justin Rondeau: Where we could say, like, what about, like,
Justin Rondeau: like, agentic tools, or… almost like a new…
Justin Rondeau: just a new angle at it, so we can have a different satellite site that I can play around with.
Manick Bhan: focus on, let's say, like, agentic marketing technology?
Justin Rondeau: Yay.
Manick Bhan: Come up with a new brand idea for this?
Manick Bhan: And the kinds of products that we'll be creating are related to SEO, GEO, local SEO, Google Ads.
Manick Bhan: Facebook ads, TikTok ads, etc.
Manick Bhan: Let's frame these as workers that work and execute Agenic Marketing Strategies Autonomously.
Manick Bhan: And I want you to build me a multi-page site.
Manick Bhan: So let's have each page of the site dedicated to one of these channels that would have this kind of always-on worker running.
Manick Bhan: Give me your plan before you build the site.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: And Monica, it's better to do this here with Warp and Terminal than to do it in Design Studio?
Manick Bhan: You can do it… you can do it in both places, just cause…
Manick Bhan: this is easier, I don't have to even log into the dashboard, I'm gonna do it here.
Manick Bhan: Alright, so…
Manick Bhan: I'm liking this. It's Brand Concept Swarm Line. Well, it's a little bit too similar to Swarm System.
Justin Day: You wanna get faster, I don't know.
Justin Rondeau: Like, I don't like that, I don't like that.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, I don't want Justin Day to serve me with a cease and desist.
Justin Day: Excellent. So…
Manick Bhan: Let's go with…
Manick Bhan: Let's call it, like, growth agents.
Manick Bhan: Or…
Bryan Fikes: Broke it.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, Growth Ops AI is not bad.
Manick Bhan: Oh, growth bots.
Justin Rondeau: Hmm…
Manick Bhan: So…
Manick Bhan: And as the MCP, It knows it's gonna be calling it GrowthBots.
Manick Bhan: And…
Manick Bhan: if it goes well, if it goes right, it's gonna connect to the MCP tools, and it's gonna build this out.
Manick Bhan: In Search Atlas, Now… While it does that, I get to think ahead.
Manick Bhan: I'm gonna think ahead to… what's the next thing that I want to do with this website? Well, I want this site to…
Manick Bhan: to rank and have an entity, and so what I'm gonna do… is build a… Authority building plan.
Manick Bhan: Around that site.
Manick Bhan: We are going to be adding the ability to buy domains into the MCP. It's not ready yet.
Manick Bhan: But, as you guys are working on this for clients.
Manick Bhan: We wanted this to be really easy for you, so you don't have to…
Manick Bhan: leave your workflow, go somewhere else, go buy the site, connect it all up. We're gonna be integrating that into
Manick Bhan: Check. Check.
Manick Bhan: Well, let's just assume it's gonna be growthbots.ai.
Manick Bhan: Let's plan an authority-building campaign.
Manick Bhan: for growthbots.ai.
Manick Bhan: And let's make a plan.
Manick Bhan: This plan should include local SEO citations for the business, Let's say the business's address, is…
Manick Bhan: 1924 Southwest 25th Street, Miami, Florida, 33133.
Manick Bhan: I also want you to build cloud stacks.
Manick Bhan: And I also want you to use the press release
Manick Bhan: service and search Atlas as well.
Manick Bhan: And… I want to publish at least 3 press releases on… Top-tier sites.
Manick Bhan: Okay?
Manick Bhan: So here it's figuring out which parts of the MCP that it should use. It's getting information about them so it can execute them.
Manick Bhan: So that's good.
Manick Bhan: Down.
Manick Bhan: And so, rick, I see your question about Gemini and Codex.
Manick Bhan: I would say, if you don't have them connected already and you wanted to try out what I'm talking about, I would just go grab a Gemini API key.
Manick Bhan: and use Gemini?
Manick Bhan: As your adversarial review.
Manick Bhan: We will be… In our Search Atlas code version called Command.
Manick Bhan: We'll be able to bridge you guys to all those models.
Manick Bhan: and use them, so you don't have to go and set each of them up separately. We'll be letting you guys ping off our router, so you won't have to do that.
Manick Bhan: So, cool. GrowthBrot's project is now running inside Website Studio. Here is my link. It's generating the full multi-page site right now, about 3 minutes. Once it's started, we'll have a preview URL, blah blah blah.
Manick Bhan: Open the dashboard link.
Manick Bhan: while we build.
Bryan Fikes: We've only seen.
Manick Bhan: That was really fast.
Bryan Fikes: Are we only seeing.
Manick Bhan: Look at that.
Bryan Fikes: Once it's done inside of our dashboard.
Manick Bhan: I'll say it again?
Bryan Fikes: Are we only going to be seeing this inside of our own dashboard at the conclusion of this, or is it going to start setting up the individual units inside of…
Bryan Fikes: And maybe I'm still thinking of it like looking at my visual dashboard that I currently have and not inside of the MCP.
Manick Bhan: dove… when it builds the Web Studio project.
Manick Bhan: you'll see it inside the Web Studio, inside Search Atlas. Yeah.
Bryan Fikes: Okay, cool.
Bryan Fikes: This is one of those instances where you don't want to be the kid that tries to finish the test before the test is even out.
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: But if you guys need more credits and stuff, and for the generations, just let us know in circle, and we'll…
Manick Bhan: Jonathan, if you can monitor Circle, if people need more credits for the web studio, let's just give it to them, so they can get through all their site generation work for all these entities they're building.
Manick Bhan: Just tag Jonathan Duquay, and he'll be able to hook you up.
Manick Bhan: Meanwhile, let's take a look at the… Authority building plan?
Manick Bhan: So, Authority Building Campaign GrowthBots AI, Business, address, category, Foundation, local SEO citations, Perfect.
Manick Bhan: Cloud stacks, It's gonna use my SAS template, perfect.
Manick Bhan: Publish it to all these sites.
Manick Bhan: And then Phase 3, press releases.
Manick Bhan: So… Fairly straightforward, right?
Manick Bhan: So this is gonna cost me 467 HDC.
Manick Bhan: It's fine.
Manick Bhan: Now, before I kick this off, I want to at least get the site up on the internet and live.
Manick Bhan: I just wanted to show you guys how I would do this if the site was already live.
Manick Bhan: I would just… proceed.
Manick Bhan: And start all 3 phases in parallel.
Manick Bhan: So… Rick, looks like you… it looks like it's working, right? It's running right now.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: It actually… It just came back with a plan, so I'm critiquing it.
Manick Bhan: Perfect.
Manick Bhan: Michael? Todd? Jonathan?
Manick Bhan: About you guys?
todd: Yep, just still working on it.
Jonathan Giner: Yeah, I'm executing it now.
Manick Bhan: Excuse me.
Manick Bhan: What we're gonna build up to.
Manick Bhan: Is being able to build the site, Run the ads, publish content, Do the link building.
Manick Bhan: do the local SEO, do all of it.
Manick Bhan: Just hitting one button.
Manick Bhan: And…
Manick Bhan: Not having to do a whole lot of other stuff in the middle, and just reviewing the work at the end.
Manick Bhan: I'll also show you guys Some really, really powerful reports that can be generated.
Manick Bhan: Using VMCP, and I'll show you an example that we did for Roto-Rooter, so you guys can see.
Manick Bhan: That's this one.
Manick Bhan: So… We built this monster… analysis.
Manick Bhan: that analyzes literally everything.
Manick Bhan: Everything that needs to be done on the site.
Manick Bhan: using GSC, Site Explorer, keyword research tool,
Manick Bhan: their GA4 data and their GSC data, I already said that.
Manick Bhan: And… maps Each one to an opportunity.
Manick Bhan: This report took about 2 hours to generate.
Manick Bhan: So this is one of those super, super high-value reports. This is not just a sales report, this is actually a report
Manick Bhan: For our team.
Manick Bhan: To use this report artifact To guide the client campaign.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Did they… they gave you their GSC and GA4?
Manick Bhan: Yeah.
Manick Bhan: So, I will show you guys, like, the insides of this delivery, because everything that's happening here
Manick Bhan: the service and service subpages, The, blog generation.
Manick Bhan: All of it is really AI-driven, AI-generated.
Manick Bhan: And then human review at the end. So the last, like, 10-20%, it's all human review to make sure it all looks good.
Manick Bhan: But instead of, like, imagining, like, what should we do on the site, or…
Manick Bhan: Or just going slow, what we're able to do is
Manick Bhan: analyze all of it, and really figure out, across all areas of search for the brand, what's wrong. And turns out that, like, a big problem that they have is that their site kind of sucks.
Manick Bhan: the CTR is super, super low.
Manick Bhan: And so, it's able to identify that this is a NAB boost problem as well.
Manick Bhan: And there are pages that we have to level up, and we have to improve.
Manick Bhan: Part of this also helps us just show the client, like, we did our homework.
Manick Bhan: And that's why we're taking this strategy.
Manick Bhan: So the team is already working on this.
Manick Bhan: But it's, A very comprehensive analysis that was built using the Search Atlas MCP.
Manick Bhan: And we will… Get more into that when we… Start to work on.
Manick Bhan: the full automation end-to-end of SEO and GEO.
Manick Bhan: We'll be building reports like this for your clients, and analyzing them together.
Bryan Fikes: I kind of, like, put way too much in there. Can I share what's going on over here? This is…
Bryan Fikes: Wow.
Manick Bhan: Go for it, let's see it.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, how do I share… Let's just start here, I guess.
Bryan Fikes: Give me a minute, I'm still trying to figure out how to work inside both of these environments.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Monik, I've built the plan, I had Gemini and ChatGPT review it, put it back in, it's rewriting the plan. What's the easiest way, then, to get the site built?
Manick Bhan: Once you have the plan, you give it the instruction, take this site plan and use the Search Atlas website studio to build the site, or the plan.
Manick Bhan: and… Brian, you gotta…
Manick Bhan: They got a pretty huge site spec here, which is great, nothing wrong with that.
Manick Bhan: And I think it's actually a really good structure for the site.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, I would… That… that is gonna be an awesome, awesome site, don't you agree?
Bryan Fikes: Well, yeah, so do I… I mean, it's… it's like building all the sections out. I mean, I… I…
Bryan Fikes: I obviously gave it, one hell of a command line, and it's doing exactly what it's supposed to. Do I just now say, create the site?
Manick Bhan: you have to tell… so, a couple things about the plan. It doesn't actually need to build the sitemap, because Search Atlas builds it for you. Also, we added a LLMS.txt
Manick Bhan: file for you, so every site build in Web Studio also gets LLMS.
Manick Bhan: So…
Bryan Fikes: Okay.
Manick Bhan: you don't need to give it those two pieces, I would say ignore the sitemap and
Manick Bhan: the sitemap XML and the sitemapHTML, and just build the pages.
Manick Bhan: But you have to be specific when you give it the command to build it inside the Search Atlas website studio.
Manick Bhan: Via the MCP.
Bryan Fikes: So I just, exactly like you just said, build the website inside of…
Manick Bhan: Yup.
Bryan Fikes: Okay, thanks.
Manick Bhan: So mine is currently composing 6 pages. It's currently working.
Manick Bhan: And guys, don't sweat if…
Manick Bhan: If, like, by the end of our session today, if it's still building and working, totally fine.
Manick Bhan: If you didn't get your Slack connected, totally fine. Just do all of that.
Manick Bhan: After our call today, and get the environment fully set up.
Manick Bhan: And then when we do our… weeklies.
Manick Bhan: Any issues you guys have from there, we'll be able to solve in those weekly sessions.
Manick Bhan: and get everything we needed to do for Phase 1 accomplished, which is the entities, the sites…
Manick Bhan: The knowledge graph, the citations, we get all that out there.
Manick Bhan: All the entities that we're gonna be building on are gonna be ready to go.
Manick Bhan: Go ahead, Andy.
Bryan Fikes: It's asked me several times… oh, sorry. It's asking me several times to, like, keep running an API key, same format.
Manick Bhan: Api… If you…
Manick Bhan: It shouldn't do that. If you're connected to the MCP, you should…
Manick Bhan: have the API key already connected.
Manick Bhan: Could you take a screenshot of what it's asking you for? You may have to grab your API key from Search Atlas and give it to it again.
Andy Zelt: I was, I was gonna ask, so once we have this built in, we gotta go out and buy the domain, basically?
Andy Zelt: It's kind of the next step, okay.
Manick Bhan: We're gonna add that capability into the MCP as well.
Andy Zelt: Hmm, okay.
Manick Bhan: Not… it's not yet there.
Manick Bhan: And now what I'm doing is I'm also setting up an auto project for it.
Manick Bhan: Through… plot code, I'm actually using MCP to pretty much do everything I would have done.
Manick Bhan: in the platform after building the site, but I'm just gonna do it urgently.
Manick Bhan: Right, Rick, so if you already have the domain on GoDaddy, what you're gonna do…
Manick Bhan: is when you click on the Publish button, I'll show you.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Published within Design Studio? Okay, yeah.
Manick Bhan: Yep.
Manick Bhan: You then connect your existing domain.
Manick Bhan: And you'll be able to publish directly to it.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Cool, thank you.
Rick Janson | Janson.ai: Right now, this site's redirecting, it'll be great to connect it to this.
Manick Bhan: Some of the other nice things that you'll see, guys, is as we build this out.
Manick Bhan: We're gonna get to the point where you'll be able to be on your phone.
Manick Bhan: And you'll just be, like, walking your dog and say, oh, you know what? I want to add a new page to the site. Let's build a new page for blah blah blah, or…
Manick Bhan: The team sends you a message, and you need to make some change to the site, you just send the command in from your phone.
Manick Bhan: And it just happens in the background across the site, and work's done.
Manick Bhan: And you guys will notice that as it's running, you will find that sometimes
Manick Bhan: Cloud code will make mistakes, and it will try to do something.
Manick Bhan: And it learns that that wasn't the correct way to do it with the MCP, but it should self-heal.
Manick Bhan: And correct itself, and find its way to the solution.
Manick Bhan: Sometimes you just have to say, continue, or… try again.
Manick Bhan: It just needs a nudge, and then it'll work through it.
Bryan Fikes: So I just dropped an example of where it keeps asking me to run
Bryan Fikes: Thanks, JD. It's… I mean, it keeps asking intermittently, is that happening to everybody else in terms of it looks like it's going project, and it's schema, and I'm continually having to hit run. It didn't look like it had to do that to yours on your side.
Bryan Fikes: When you were running this.
Manick Bhan: So, the… when we started our quad shell.
Manick Bhan: We use quad space dash dash dangerously skip permissions, so all of the run commands that it's asking you for, it won't ask you that.
Manick Bhan: Okay. So if you start… if you started…
Manick Bhan: Yeah, if you start it that way, you're not gonna… it's not gonna ask you every time.
Manick Bhan: But it's really annoying. If you don't use that parameter when you start it, it asks you for everything, and it's just such a…
Manick Bhan: It's not a lot of fun.
Manick Bhan: They just keep saying yes to it.
Bryan Fikes: Yeah, this one… This one's asking for 835 credits available.
Bryan Fikes: 16 existing projects, creating voice bonsai.
Bryan Fikes: Should I hold to execute this and check in with JD?
Manick Bhan: What you can do… Is, the next command you should give it is…
Manick Bhan: Save a file for the next steps you weren't able to complete.
Manick Bhan: And then kill the terminal, and then open a new terminal with the parameter, and tell it to read that file, and continue where it left off.
Manick Bhan: There is a project for this called Beads.
Manick Bhan: that I'll drop in the chat that I use.
Manick Bhan: And… This is a really nice one.
Manick Bhan: Because it is essentially like Jira, Or,
Manick Bhan: you know, like a task board for your agent on your computer. So what it does is it will…
Manick Bhan: What it will do is…
Manick Bhan: Create, like, little micro-tasks for itself. And so if, for whatever reason, it fails, it can always just restart, pick up the bead that it left off on, and just continue from there.
Manick Bhan: I don't see a lot of people talking about beads, you know, online, I don't know why.
Manick Bhan: But, you will notice that there's a big… Discrepancy between what
Manick Bhan: people who are kind of, like, amateur vibe coders, the tools they use online, and the ones that professional engineers are actually using.
Manick Bhan: So…
Manick Bhan: Yeah, there's a bunch of stuff that we use that I've never heard anyone talk about. Like, the swarms that I gave you guys today, as well as beads, these are… these are huge.
Justin Rondeau: How's everything coming? For everybody on here? I can see everybody diligently looking at their computers, digging in, which is great.
Justin Rondeau: But yeah, like, like, status update from some of y'all.
Justin Rondeau: Feel free to unmute or type it, whatever you want to do.
Justin Rondeau: Everyone's gonna type it and make me read, aren't they?
Manick Bhan: Nice.
Justin Day: I'm just working on creating everything from scratch at this point, going to… for my business and the personal brand side, and then everything, and just kind of gonna start from the ground up right on what we're talking about today, and…
Justin Day: implementing best practices to see where we can grow this, so I'm excited about that.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, and guys, if you do… if, like, if you're not able to get through all of that today, that's okay.
Manick Bhan: just, make an effort to take all the stuff we threw at you today.
Manick Bhan: And get as much of it implemented as you can.
Manick Bhan: And when we get to Thursday.
Manick Bhan: We'll check in on how far we got with everything today, and anything that was, like, not done.
Manick Bhan: We'll help you guys just get over the finish line for Thursday.
Manick Bhan: But I'd really like if you guys could, for Thursday, have your brand set up, have the MCP set up, have everything kind of looking good on… on your computer so that we can keep building from here. Because…
Manick Bhan: This is just the foundation.
Manick Bhan: From here, we'll keep going, and there'll be a lot more we can do with the platform.
Jonathan Giner: So basically, if I understand correct, what you want us to do is basically to… launch… the…
Jonathan Giner: launch a new website for our agencies, or our brands, whatever it might be. Same thing with personal brand as well.
Jonathan Giner: So basically, have those things done by Thursday, is that right?
Manick Bhan: Yep.
Jonathan Giner: Okay.
Manick Bhan: Exactly.
Justin Rondeau: And then don't forget the, kind of that…
Justin Rondeau: satellite brand as well, kind of like the listing one. Like, that's really important too, especially with what Bonik was saying at the start of the call, with how, how Google's kind of, like.
Justin Rondeau: it needs to be off your side at this point. Like, we felt that, and we also saw, like, the top, like, 50 people in our space also felt that. So, in order to kind of get around that, this is one of the ways to do it. It's a really, really important play.
Jonathan Giner: I mean, I know… I'm sure we're gonna talk about this stuff, and we have been even today, but I think it's super important, at least for me personally, as we're going through these things,
Jonathan Giner: that we really kind of focus on, at least for me since I'm new, just on best practices.
Jonathan Giner: Right, so hey, look, when you're doing this code, you know, when you're giving this prompt, here's the best way to kind of, you know, put it in, that way you get, you know, the best results. Like any AI thing, right? You get the best results first, rather than having to kind of continue to reiterate and reiterate, so you get to the final product that you're looking for.
Jonathan Giner: I think that's kind of… even with Atlas Brain, I mean, that's kind of been one of the things that I've been working on, is figuring out how to…
Jonathan Giner: put the right stuff in from the jump, that way my quote-unquote final product is as close to kind of what I want it to be, and that way those tweaks are somewhat minimal.
Manick Bhan: Perfect. Yeah, that's the magic.
Manick Bhan: Thought us, you gotta hop off?
Manick Bhan: That's totally all good. Great to see you here today.
Justin Rondeau: And I'm wondering, this could be something… JD, and then also, I think, Ismar and, Nico dropped too, but JD and Matt Bailey, I think something that could be useful is, like, putting together almost like a glossary doc, or some other things of, like, best practices that we can get in line, in the circle area. So I know we talked about some stuff today in terms of, like, the types of commands you use. Like, let's kind of get a glossary command list.
Justin Rondeau: For everybody, and it's also look at, like.
Justin Rondeau: Maybe some vet, like, we can…
Justin Rondeau: dissect some of our best practices and prompts, and kind of put those pieces together for the team as well. I think that'll be really helpful, especially as we start building and building off of these.
Manick Bhan: Yeah, that's a great suggestion.
Manick Bhan: I mean, we covered everything in the meeting, so we should be able to just take that from the transcript and.
Justin Rondeau: Yeah, we should be able.
Manick Bhan: Wow, that a great format.
Manick Bhan: Good.
Justin Rondeau: Cool.
Justin Rondeau: Monica, was there anything for the group today? Because I know we're getting up to the top of the hour that we had had scheduled for everybody. So, was there anything in particular that we weren't able to get to so far for today, or do we have kind of the overall benchmarks for everybody to kind of get moving into for Thursday?
Manick Bhan: I think we actually… we got through it.
Manick Bhan: Now it's just a matter of them building the site, deploying it.
Manick Bhan: Like, kind of completing the cycle that we started.
Manick Bhan: So, a little bit of homework.
Manick Bhan: But I'd love to see, it's like, as a follow-up item from our meeting today, in circle, just post how far you got.
Manick Bhan: at the end of your workday, whenever that is, just post how far you got. If you were able to get a site built, send a link to that. Just, I want to make sure you guys are all tracking, and you're on track for where we want to be on Thursday. Just want to get a quick check-in from you guys.
Manick Bhan: On how far you're able to get, okay?
Justin Rondeau: Sound good?
Bryan Fikes: Thank you, and it looks like the… when it says 835 credits, is that asking me to spend the hyperdrive credits to do that?
Manick Bhan: or wish part for the site generation? That doesn't cost hyperdrive.
Manick Bhan: No.
Bryan Fikes: Okay, so… okay, thanks. I'll keep working with JD.
Justin Rondeau: Sweet.
Manick Bhan: Cool.
Justin Rondeau: Cool. Awesome. Looking forward to seeing everybody's updates in, in circle, and I know it was a… it's a lot today. I saw a lot of faces, like.
Justin Rondeau: Okay, I'm trying to connect these dots, and you're all trying to do it in real time, which, hell frickin' yeah. Like, thank you for, like, following along and doing that. We're gonna make sure that, anybody that couldn't get to the finish line today, we will get you there.
Justin Rondeau: for Thursday, and then on Thursday, be able to help you out as well, so that we can, you know, build these key foundations. This is, again, small hinge that opens the wide door of opportunity here, that I know, because I know Brian's endgame is he wants to be able to go into his phone while he's playing golf and say, I want all these things done. We want to help Brian get to that, right? So…
Manick Bhan: Definitely.
Manick Bhan: We're pulling up, guys. I know today, probably stepping out into something a bit different and wider.
Manick Bhan: But, you know, just…
Manick Bhan: it does get a lot easier, and I think what you'll find is that as you get used to it.
Manick Bhan: Your skill level, your aptitude level, you're gonna get more comfortable with it, you're gonna understand.
Manick Bhan: the best practices that are gonna be… becomes part of your brain and how you do this.
Manick Bhan: And, like I said, this foundation that we just started on today, this is the thing that builds everything else, right? You're gonna take what we did today, and, like, you'll see in two months from now, what you're gonna be able to do with this is, at a crazy level, probably far beyond even what you would have expected.
Manick Bhan: But this is how we're running all of our campaigns now. All of our team are kind of engineers now.
Manick Bhan: learning how to use these systems, because you just… if you're doing it in the UI versus doing it agendically, you just won't be able to keep up.
Manick Bhan: But I'm really glad you guys asked a lot of good questions. I think you guys got a lot accomplished today, and I look forward to seeing your check-ins.
Manick Bhan: And we'll see you guys again very, very soon.
Manick Bhan: Great first day.